https://static1.e621.net/data/14/a3/14a3796da9080a2aa82a89c3e466c382.jpg
>You are High Lord Anonymous.
>And in the last five months you’ve been married and shipped far away from home.
>You had seen the marriage coming a long way off, it was the biggest joining of royal houses in the last five hundred years.
>However you hadn’t expected to be moved to your new wife’s manor in a distant land.
>A distant, boring land that had no entertainment for a man’s taste through the winter.
>The feminine pursuits of science, literature, and art were in full swing, with plenty of banquets and meetings of minds.
>Your wife was very good at them.
>There was nothing for the masculine pursuits though, no history lectures, no army to drill, not a single martial activity since the first frost.
>And though your wife was talented, she was as uninterested in your needs as the whole town was.
>For it was profane for a woman to begin carrying a child before spring. And along with her great mind was a great respect for tradition.
>She had relieved you three times in total since your marriage, twice with her hand, one lucky time with her mouth. As good as that was, it was then she decided she could not trust herself to tend to your needs.
>So it was to become the job of the servants.
>She assures you it’s a long standing tradition, but you have no idea if that’s true.
>People where you’re from don’t expect a newly wed couple to remain chaste just because of tradition. They’d just look the other way in understanding.
>Not here, apparently.

>You sit with your wife by the fire, set to stave off the first and somewhat early chill of winter.
>The antique couch is surprisingly comfy, and with your mind drifting you reach over to your wife’s soft arm.
>Her skin is a proper pale, her raven black hair is elegantly styled, and a red silk gown reflects  the firelight.
>For a moment you mistakenly think she’s done this for you, but you remember she has company coming over today.
>Your wife gives you a reserved look with her flawless brown eyes, and reaches for the servant's bell.
You didn’t mean anything like that, you just-
>She rings it, the sharp clear sound biting into the quiet of the day. “I know exactly what you meant.”
>Your wife’s handmaiden arrives within a few seconds, carried on a mare’s long lithe legs.
>Which were her’s, not some mounts.
>Anthro servants were popular, especially female ones that could be trained in a lady’s proper pursuits to better aid their mistresses.
>If you remember correctly, Cassie was the first of your wife's servants, given to her on her twelfth birthday.
>The mare has a very light brown coat that turns white at the end of her hands, muzzle, and just below her neck. Her hair and tail is white too, it’s color complementing her frilly black and white servants dress.
>She is a couple years younger than your wife, and though her breasts are a bit smaller she’s still an adult.
>You think. Pretty close, if not.
>”My husband tries my commitment to the almighty Cassie, do whatever he would have of you.”
>The mare curtsies deeper than necessary, revealing stockings covering her alien yet gracefully beautiful legs.
>And with that she stands before you, all youthful beauty refined behind proper clothing and stance.
Are you sure my love?
>You ask your wife, still not believing such backwards beliefs would pass for piousness.
>”I am. I will not have our house or children act against His will.”
>You ask for Cassie’s hands and pull her towards you. Instead of sitting across your lap in a ladylike manner she decides to straddle you. What more could be expected of beastfolk?
She didn’t have to do this if she didn’t want to.
>Cassie blushes, “It’s fine my Lord. It is a honor to care for you in all things.”
>You urge her a tad closer before letting go of her hands, which immediately wrap around your neck.
>One of yours dives under her dress in search of feminine curves, and the other tangles in her mane and brings her mouth close to yours.
>Kissing is the one thing you’ve done with your wife in earnest, so you know that doing so with the mare is a little difficult. Though it’s difficulties make the process somehow more rewarding, more enjoyable.
>Your exploring hands starts with her entrancing legs, feeling the taut muscles and soft fur just beneath her stockings. You raise it to the curve of her hips and stomach, then further to cup the modest breasts of youth.
>Cassie, no doubt driven wild by her baser desires, starts to rub her hips against yours.
>You thrust up in sympathy for her burning urges, pressing against her almost perfectly for a fleeting moment, feeling her heat.
>The kiss breaks, and you start pulling at straps and laces. Her top falls away first with minimal effort, revealing the white slopes of her breasts and down to her-
>The damn skirt is getting in the way, and after only a few pulls on ties, it too falls away with ease.
>All that remains is stocking covered legs and a thin pair of panties made from the same stuff.
>It’s form fitting cloth leaves the shape of Cassie’s marehood on display, and you’re all but helpless as you reach forward and cup it in your hand.
>The heat and softness drive you wild, and Cassie throbs against you in pure need.
>She shudders against you, moaning out your name title and all. You had to admit, beastfolk had their allure. “Please High Lord,” she begs softly, “Take my virtue, give me your seed.”
>You raise your eyebrows in surprise and look to your wife. You were just going to ask for a blowjob but you had gotten a little carried away with the young mare.
>“It’s for the best,” She says resolutely. Though she’s stopped reading to watch, why doesn’t she just take care of you herself?
>Your need and the oddly alluring smell of the mare drive you forward, despite the fact you still have your virtue too. You had been too busy training to make yourself a good husband to partake in such acts, and where had it gotten you?
>With a wife of great prestige who was too hung up in tradition to please you, and a panting she-beast who would do anything for your touch.
>You could’ve gotten the same results if you just walked into the woods pantless.
>Pulling at her undergarments you find her fur turns white towards her hooves, and that the white fur of her stomach slopes down to her mound.
>She widens her legs and leans back to give you a better view, her cliterous winking out at you from between plump virginal lips.
>You set the mare on the couch next to you and stand to disrobe, taking almost zero care of the expensive clothing.
>Cassie watches you free your hardness with undisguised hunger, her legs spreading apart as far as they can at the sight.
>You stand over her, the white fur of her hands like impossibly soft gloves over her light brown coat as she reaches out to caress you.
>Leaning down you play with her breasts that heave along with her breathing. One of her hands rubs its wonderful texture across your chest while the other-
>You jump as Cassie grabs your cock and pumps it heartily a few times, her bright green eyes twinking with mirth and lust.
>You kiss her deeply and knead her breast while you bring your hips closer to hers.
>Without realising Cassie has aligned your member with herself, your forward momentum ends with you spearing the outer folds of the mare.
>She stiffens, then quickly grows impatient, rubbing your length up and down her soft lips. God help you but she beasts were needy.
>Knowing that she’s ready you press forward, parting her marehood fully around your tip.
>Even with her wealth of lubrication you have to thrust in and out once to reach her virginity, leaving the head of your hardness just inside her entrance.
>Again she stiffens when you do so, and you have the feeling it's more out of discomfort this time.
>For her benefit you thrust out and back in a few times, never so deep again, hoping to ease what is to come next.
>She sighs your name and caresses your cheek, and you can tell from her beautiful green eyes she’s ready for what comes next.
>You lean down and kiss the mare, because you had always dreamt of kissing a woman while you took her for the first time, and firmly press forward.
>Her resistance breaks, leaving your member to slide a bit deeper than before. 
>Her femininity ripples around you at the sensation, and rather than breaking the kiss in her pain Cassie presses against you harder, mashing your lips together.
>After slow minutes of sharing the kiss and hot breaths, her hips start to twitch under you again.
>You gently resume thrusting, working yourself further with patience as you bask in the sensation of the mare’s depths.
>With a glance towards your wife while you and her long time handmaiden rutt naked like animals, you see one of her hands are lost underneath her dress.
>To her credit, there is no way for her to get pregnant this way.
>The mare however is a different story, and her walls start to contract around as you drive to your hilt, pressing your pelvis against her soft winking mound.
>Just as her tight flexing walls, immense heat and soft cries start to build in a satisfying place inside your mind, the mare’s powerful legs wrap around your waist.
>You pull back slightly before you realise what's happening, and push forward with all your might, completely joining yourself with the mare.
>Her cries reach new heights and her marehood milks your hardness, desperate to be bred.
>With a gush Cassie cums hard over your member, heaving in pleasure and breathlessness.
>You watch her come down from her high, your hardness throbbing impatiently in her soft depths.
>Her eyes flutter open and stare up at you, into you.
>You find yourself unable to avoid gazing back down into the mare that you've completely joined with.
>She reaches out for your hands, and you give them to her. She squeezes them daintily, “please my Lord, breed me.”
>You comply, pulling out until your legs start to twitch with pleasure at how Cassie fights your retreat.
>Despite the extra lubrication it feels like her well fucked marehood is surrounding you more completely.
>Thrusting in and out of her, all her pleasures start to weigh on your mind again. It's more enjoyable this time, but builds slowly.
>She starts to moan your name again, sometimes just the title, sometimes just the name.
>Just the name would be forbidden, but with her excess juices covering soft fur and skin around your repeated joining, you hardly notice.
>A soft cry comes from someone who isn't the beautiful mare you're making love to, and you follow it to your wife who hungrily watchs you breed her handmaiden.
 >”Mistress!” Cassie calls suddenly, “he's too much, I'm going to-”
>As if to taunt your wife the young mare throatily half moans half screams your name, foregoing your titles.
>Her impossibly pleasurable tunnel tightens around you again, and that slow building sensation boils over in an instant.
>You press against her desperately, her legs wrapping around you like a vice, and you can't help but groan her name as you cum deep inside her.
>She cries your name over and over again in time with the heavy throbs of your release, her walls lovingly caressing you each time.
>It seems to go on forever, until finally your weak legs leave you to collapse on top of the mare.
>Your head rests over her shoulder, her breasts cushion your chest, and her marehood almost seems to contently hug your spent manhood.
>Her arms wrap around your bare body, and she nuzzles your cheek and whispers into your ear, loud enough for your wife to hear.
>”That's just what my heat needed, my Lord."