Anon dragged himself out of his car. The sky was cloudy with a chance of rain, and he was looking forward to getting back to the apartment to see his loving wife. Cold metal nudged his nose as he had nearly walked into the elevator door, having not paid attention where he was going thinking of his waifur. A few button presses, and he was traveling upwards.
 
Stepping out, Anon turns right, and is immediately facing his apartment door, and he could already hear the noises from the kitchen inside. A jangle and click, followed by some monkey suit shoes being kicked to the shoe pile, and he was home sniffing the air for the smell of sweet home cooking. His mustelid better half poked her head around the corner with a wide smile.
 
"Glad you're finally home hun, the forecast is looking grime for the rest of the night." You acknowledge her comment, undressing yourself of your work jacket and tie, and leaving your briefcase in the hallway as you walk into the combi living room and kitchen, scooting yourself behind the lovely lady of your life.
 
Doing your best not to get in her way as she cooks nearly a fifth of her weight in food, marveling at how she stays so slender in your arms. Your hands make their way to her belly, exposed above her sports shorts and short tight tank top. You nuzzle your face into the fur of her shoulder, and gently caress her belly fur. She stifles a snort, humming a happy laugh as your hands softly rub her belly. You're being such a distraction she has to push your both backwards away from the cooker top. You peck kisses along her shoulder and neck, with the freedom of not having to be as safe, you rub her fur more vigorously, slowly breaking down her resolve not to chirp in her happiness.
 
"Babe, c'mon." She stretches upwards, straightening herself against you, playfully swatting your face with her ear. "You don't me to waste a meal, right?" With that, your relent your assault on her toned front, and she slips her hand into yours, holding softly, but giving a quick squeeze before gently pulling away to carry on cooking.
 
https://www.patreon.com/evocationmedia

