>It's really hot
>Like, surface of the sun hot
>The AC in your shitty apartment never works, but that's not the problem
"Fuuuuuck," you groan, slowly going over your clit with an index finger
>Heat
>It sucks, it messes up your head, and it sucks
>Forced awake at 3 AM, you've been trying to solve your "issue" for 5 hours now
>You toss and turn in your bed before finally opting to take off your shirt
>A free hand slowly sliding it off aaaaand you tore through the damn thing
>Now your favorite pajama wear is ruined
>Well, at least the breeze kind of helps
>Face buried in your bed and ass up in the air, you realize your body is completely soaked, sweat making permanent stains in the cheap mattress, and your schlick hand is now absolutely drenched in self-love juices
"Yeah. That didn't work," you mumble to no one in particular as you begin to toss and turn on the bed
>This sucks, and you can only blame yourself for forgetting to buy more heat suppressants
>They don't even work as well as the commercials say, but at least they keep your groin from becoming a nasty swamp
"Fuck you, pill commercial lady. You're a scam."
>You picture the dumb wolf actress in the advert to divert your attention away from your estrus
>There were some orchids that keep popping up in that crappy ad to reference at vaginas shit why did you think about vaginas that was a bad idea
>A couple of knocks on your bedroom door brings you to reality, and you scramble to find the covers to...cover up
>"Aleks, I'm in a heart-attack special mood for breakfast. You down?" A muffled voice asks
>You hope Anon didn't hear your heat babbles
>Fucker has a better memory than an elephant
>Is it racist to say that?
>"I know my roommate's awake, so can she stop rambling about TV scams and tell me if she wants to gargle cheese this morning?"
"Yeah, I'll gargle your cheese," you say absentmindedly
>"What?"
>Holy hell you just want to crawl in a hole and die right now
>Despite the shame you feel, your hand betrays you by rubbing your sex with more tenacity, and a quiet moan slips out of you despite your best efforts to suppress it
>Even talk about dairy makes you more aroused just because it's coming from a guy!
"J-Just go away!" You shout in embarrassment, burying yourself in your blanket cocoon
>"You alright in there?"
>Yeah, just keep talking baby ugh what the fuck
"I'm having, um, lady troubles."
>"Lady trou- oh!" Confusion turns to realization in his tone, "Yea, I got it, don't worry," creaky footsteps fade out as Anonymous leaves you to your own devices
>Your natural instincts are currently yelling at you for letting a dick walk away, and your rational side slowly breaking down isn't helping either
>The two of you are roomies, and you're not sure how to handle your feelings
>You've never had a full-on heat in front of him before, and you're not sure how you should see your relationship with Anon
>He cooks for you, and you hang out with him for most of the week in your free times
>Then again, he might just see you like another "guy friend"
>Like most other males around you
>Great, now you're horny AND upset at your lack of feminine charm
>Another set of knocks interrupts your thoughts, "Can I come in?"
"Yeah, I'm covered up," you reply in a tone much more excited than what you were going for
>But you don't have to be all wrapped up for him aaa god just stop brain
>"Okay then," the door creaks open, "I think I prepped a bit more than I had to."
>You chortle at the sight: Anon is wielding a pitcher and glass in his hands, and his eyes are obscured by a blue t-shirt wrapped around his face
"Nice going, Leonardo," you tease
>"Thanks," he shoots back as he slowly places his items on the floor, "I just need a sword to be presented with product placements everywhere."
>Anon undoes his "mask", and you take a good look at his face
>Human faces all look kind of the same to you, but you always found their noses to be kind of cute
>"Jesus, you reek," he pinches his nostrils, waving a hand in front of the face in exaggerated disgust
"Rude," you stick out your tongue at him
>Ooh, what would making out with a human tongue be like
>They're not as flat as dog tongues, so it could just be akin to wrapping your tongue around a flesh blob
>"Earth to Aleks, hello?" Several snaps bring you out of your sinful thoughts, and ohh boy Anon's in front of you now and you can smell him wow
>"Gotcha some water so you don't become dog jerky in this oven. Where's my gratuitous reaction?" Snark oozes from his voice as he hands you a glass of sweet, sweet H2O, which you reach out with your free hand to gulp down
>Oh yeah, free hand
>You're still masturbating, and having a male in front of you completely unaware of it is more exciting than you thought
>You slam the now-empty cup onto a nearby nightstand, gasping for air, unsure whether it's from drinking an entire glass in one take or the blasphemy you're committing in the safety of Fort Horny
>Some fucked-up god out there is laughing at you for not being able to get off, despite all your efforts
>"Well," Anon stands upright, face flushed, "I'll let you handle your business and-"
"WAIT," you exclaim
>Two pairs of now-wide eyes staring at you doesn't even faze you at this point
"I mean, wait," you say between pants, "can you just, like, talk with me for a while?"
>"On what?"
"Anything?"
>Just stay just stay you need that sweet sweet male aura
>"Um. Sure, I guess," the human takes a seat on the bed
>He's tapping his hands and feet, looking at everything in the room but you
>"So what have you been-"
"I'm REALLY craving cock right now," you cut him off, not even sorry about it, "like, not chicken. No white meat, red meat BULLSHIT. I want DICK. This heat's just been tearing me up for the past few hours and I REALLY REALLY NEED SOME RELIEF FROM THIS BLUE BEANING RIDE."
>You're not even sure if you're the one that's talking anymore; it's like some switch inside you has been flipped, and this Mrs.Hyde character is now openly expressing her frustration
>"Y-Yeah," Anon stammers, "I can tell-"
"I NEED YOUR GODDAMN BABY BATTER!" You reach out and grab Anon's shirt collar, "ARE YOU THAT DENSE, ASSHOLE?!"
>"OK, first, 'baby batter'?!" He yells back, still trying his best to look away, "Second, I'd do you-
"Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-"
>"-but I'm really questioning the consent here!"
>You cup your hands on Anon's face to turn him towards-
>"Eugh. Christ, have you been mastu-"
"Yea," you respond in a matter-of-fact fashion
>"Wow."
"Look," you cry, looking into his eyes, "I'm sorry about yelling, but I just want sex right now. My womb is trying to commit mutiny against me and I need your help. I promise this wont bite you in the ass, and we can both pretend this never happened if you want to."
>You wait on bated breaths, looking for any response
>Eventually, Anon removes your hands from his face, and he gets up
"No, please!" you beg desperately
>He suddenly begins to strip, chucking his clothes to a corner before standing in front of you, everything for your eyes to explore
>There's nervousness in his body language as he fidgets around, muscles tense
>Little, uh, Big Anon is clearly very excited about the situation
"You've been working out?"
>"Yeah. Thought you'll laugh if I told you, so I go to the gym on a different schedule than you."
"Why would I laugh?"
>"Cause," he throws his hands up in the air, "I dunno. Kind of wanted to impress you since I like you."
>You're at a loss right now
"Wow."
>"Pathetic, right? I'm just-"
"No," you interrupt him, "I'm at, like, my highest turn-on point right now. It's like some weird mix of happy and horny and I somehow want you even more than I did earlier."
>"Oh."
>Big Anon is twitching now, and the entire room is filled with male musk right now
"So," you goad on, not wanting to ruin the mood, "you want this, right?"
>You shove the blankets onto the floor and present yourself to Anon, lying down and spreading your legs
>Humans like this, right?
>Big Anon nods in agreement, and you flash a toothy grin
>"Fuck, you're beautiful," you hear Anon mutter under his breath
"Say that again."
>"Fuck."
"Asshat."
>He chuckles, "Alright, you're beautiful," he leaps on the bed, practically pouncing on you, and you can't help but let out a little "Eep" like a schoolgirl, "I love you, I know I'm a dick sometimes and I like pushing your buttons," he rambles on, "but I really do love you, and I feel like a retard for every day we hang out together and I can't find it in me to say what I want to say. Because I wonder if changing our routines will compromise what we had."
"Okay, okay, Mr.Romance," you giggle, "I'm all yours now. Do it."
>He leans in, and you close your eyes, ready for the kiss
>Suddenly, something clamps around your left nipple, and you yelp, electric feelings flowing throughout your body
>Opening your eyes, Anon is groping your right breast as his teeth nibbles at your left
>"Do you play with them?" He says through his teeth
"They're too, aaa, sensitive, and I don't really play with them because you're, oooh, usually around when I masturbate," you say betwwen breaths
>"Cute."
"Me or my breasts?"
>"Every part of you," he gives you a kiss on the nose, and you can't help but blush even harder as he begins to stroke your body with his hands, his cock grinding against your own sex, "I find your abs and how they kind of show through your fur when the light's at certain angles cute, I find your droopy ears adorable, and even though I despise it when you leave your clothes around the place, I love that brash attitude of yours and find it cute. Also, that thing you do with your toes when we're sitting at the couch and something exciting happens on TV is cute, too."
"Weirdo."
>He laughs nervously, "Yeah, that's me," he lines his penis against your pussy, tip rubbing against the entrance
"C'mon," you plead, "stop teasing."
>"There's some, uh. Technical difficulties."
"Please, this isn't your first time."
>A picture says a thousand words, but the gaze Anon is delivering to you says way too much
>It's like gazing into a kaleidoscope, only instead of a myriad of colors, it's a collection of rejections
"Well then, let me help your predicament then. Mr.Virgin," you reach a hand down to guide his cock
>It slowly enters you as the two of you moan in pleasure
>You look back up, and Anon's eyes are looking directly at yours
"This position is a lot more embarrassing than I thought it would be," you whisper while staring at him
>"Would it help if I change-"
"Yes."
>He pulls out, and you whine in disappointment, but being suddenly flipped by a pair of firm hands elicits an excited yip from you
>As two handfuls of your ass is raise up, your tail is left waggling about
>"This good?"
"Yea."
>"All set?"
"Just fuck me already."
>"You got it," Anon readies his cock against your pussy again, and he immediately hilts inside you
>A devastating shockwave of euphoria rings throughout your entire being as you begin to see stars in your vision
>Your vagina tightens, twitching furiously as his penis remains inside you
"Ooh..."
>"Are you fine?"
"Don't, stop, until, you, cum, too."
>A slow pulling, head just about to leave before slamming back into you
>As this pattern builds up into a rhythm, you can't help but bark each time Anon hilts inside you, your walls quivering in excitement
>Neither one of your voices nor the squeaking of a dying bed frame are loud enough to mask the lewd smacks of his hips against yours nor the noise each time his dick kisses the entrance to your womb
"Fuck, do me!" You scream, unable to control your desires, "I'm a filthy bitch desperate for cum!"
>You find yourself moving along with him, matching your hip movements with his unconsciously as the heat inside you grows
>Anon suddenly lets go of your ass, and he bends forward, arms wrapped around you in a hug-like position
>His head next to yours, he nuzzles into your neck, and your instincts kick into overdrive
>"I, unf, love you so much."
"Don't be a f-faggot," you stutter, trying to hide your smile, "when you cum, say it out loud. And d-do it inside."
>You didn't get a response, but the thrusts speeding up is enough of a confirmation
>"Yeah, make m-me your breeding sow!" You shout, unsure why you're even saying these things aside from how natural it felt to say it, "you want to ruin me? Do it!"
>You're lost in yourself as the world around you slows down, the only thing you can comprehend is Anon's manhood and your walls contracting, coaxing it to squeeze out its seed
>You barely make out a grunt from your partner as his cock begins to twitch incessantly inside you
"Cum, cum, cum! Mark my insides. Make me impure!"
>Anon pumps inside you one last time, and you orgasm hard enough to nearly pass out, blood rushing fast enough to be heard in your head as the heat in your loins subsides, replaced with a new warmth
>As he begins to pull out, you stop him
"Keep it in, don't waste it," you babble out your final words before collapsing onto the bed, basking in the afterglow
>The penis inevitably slips out of you, and you groan in protest, scooping up part of the leakage to taste
>It's mixed with your flavors, yet you moan anyways
>When did you become such a degenerate, anyways?
"You know," you say out-of-breath, "I feel like we're doing things in the wrong order."
>"Too late to say that," Anon retorts, equally drained, "lets grab a bite to eat. I don't want to cook anymore."
"Sure."
>"After I lie on the bed for a while."
"Kay."
>You feel the mattress shaking as Anon collapses beside you, adopting a big spoon role while embracing you
>You hum in agreement, feeling his chest rise and fall behind you
>A throat clear later, and a question is asked
>"'Breeding sow'?"
>You ignore your new lover(?)'s laughter as you cover your face and scream

THE END