There are three types of feathers on Julia and Avins at large, there are the dorsal feathers, long, fan-like with unyielding spines. they're soft but I would steer clear of running straight into them. They can be controlled by muscles off the thighs to fan out, lean to one side, or fold up and down. These are present just above the butt and on the top and back of the head resembling, albeit crudely a crest of sort.
The second is outward facing feathers, ones on the shoulders, outside of the leg, forearms, back and head.
The last and most common are downy small feathers. They feel more like cool hairs than anything else, and the skin beneath is warm and soft. Down is very soft again, more like feeling of very fine hair, and it covers the torso, inner thighs, neck, and just wear the hand and calf scales begin.

Her beak's exterior is not warm but rather whatever the external temperature is unless it is very hot outside where it is flushed with blood to cool the rest of her off, this is also what the dorsal feathers are for and all feathers can stand up to expel heat much like goosebumps.

Secondly kissing is more like french kissing, she puts her long and similarly slimy tongue in your mouth and tries to wrap it around yours. Her tongue is far more dexterous, similarly slimy and much much longer. As for taste it would be like a faintly gamey and a tad more sweet than a humans albeit much more muscular.
If you lifted her onto your lap the first thing you would feel would be the dorsal feather muscles twitching ever so slightly as they make slight readjustments, her butt would be notably tighter than a humans and thighs more substantial but she would lack many back muscles making her shoulders seem oddly bulbous by comparison but you really can't see it through the fluff of the feathers. You would notice her hands are also much more visibly muscular with longer tendons and thicker wrists to support her claws.
As for her talons when she is surprised they will grab onto the nearest thing or tighten against the ground, think sparring tightness but much stronger. When she is aroused they loosen but when she reaches orgasm they quickly but not powerfully close, enough to feel not enough to hurt. And do they curl around your ankles? Yes but only in heat, hence the purchasing of heat suppressants, in heat a Avin, and moreover ravens, will lock their talons during mating, however as you, I, and more so Anon, lack such structures they wrap around the ankles.
Muscles are leaner than ours and fat deposits are different on birds, I decided to take more a pigeon approach to fat with it storing in the mammaries, rear, and thighs of the body, these would be easier to work off but the stretch marks and their effect on her coat would last far longer than on a mammal or reptile. If she had more fat a well placed spank could cause everything from her ass to the inner thigh fat to jiggle. Any sudden force can be felt through the fat. Squeezing her ass, breasts, love handles will cause her tail feathers to fan outwards above the buttocks, and the ones on her head to flatten out. If this action is unwanted the dorsal feathers fold over the buttocks and the ones on her head raise.
As for joint movements she has a vestigial knee which allows the knee to be moved in both directions though to move it forward is very difficult and takes a lot of training to get down right. If she moves her shoulders you'll feel the entire front tighten from her bust to her abs while her butt would become softer for a time. If she were to say raise her leg up high then you could feel the dorsal muscles tighten if you had your hands on them. Though the best part about is that instead of moaning like a mammal you get coo's and moans, though Cooans as I like to call them would be a sign you're doing a damn good job as it be a fusion of both upper and lower throat sounds to form a mix of the two.
