>The moment feels intimate, and Ariannis’s breathing becomes noticeably heavier as her finger tip digs further and pulls your tie loose. A shame Eileen’s tie knots could stop a bullet, and a few seconds later she has both hands hovering over your chest fighting with the unwanted garment.
>Ariannis leaves no room for your own hands to help and its apparent she shares your frustration of the robbed moment. Instead you decide to just lean your head back to give her space to work with while you instead focus on undoing her jacket.
>It doesn’t take long, since it only has one button that is only loosely keeping her slim coat on. The moment it’s gone, Ariannis lets up her frustrated assault long enough to let her shoulders slump and her hands fall to the side so that the clothing falls to the floor.
>The cat exhales, re-energized as she reaches for your neck again. You let her, because you’re a bit busy fathoming what has been revealed to you. Her dress shirt is a solid creamy yellow, looking like it glowed against her white skin while paired with a black neckerchief. Not what you’re paying attention to her color choices.
> You’re paying attention to the suspenders that have been pushed off to the side from the woman’s chest, by her chest. You’ve never found suspenders attractive before, until Ariannis unknowingly showed you that sometimes old fashion could be sexy. Especially when contrasting with a bust that you were familiar with.
>With a growl of victory Ariannis pulls your oogling gaze back up, the knot coming undone and the feline ripping the damnable cloth from around your neck like she was trying to ripstart a lawnmower. You’re yanked along with it, stumbling but glad to be rid of at least one piece of Eileen’s nonsense tonight.
>The defeated necktie is hanging from her raised hand like a war trophy before she throws it to the side. She has much more important things to be doing, like unbuttoning your shirt so she can get her pointed hands underneath it.
>She’s not even looking up at you, focused all on your shirt and what’s underneath. Buttons fly in between her deft fingers, far more than necessary if Ariannis just wanted to see a little skin. 
>She gets about halfway down your shirt before she abandons her work and instead starts sliding her curled fingers upwards on your body, keeping her claws from ruining the mint condition of her new prize.
>It tickles for a moment as she palms your chest, forcing you to fight back untimely laughter that ultimately escapes as an overexcited, out of character, huff. It only makes the cat grin, a glimmer of something that chills your blood for split second crosses her eye as she looks up at you. Both of you are holding onto a breath, waiting for the other to do something.
>Whenever you thought of cats toying with their prey or even partners, you thought it would be more subtle. More coy. Now you’re both prey and partner, and even your dumb, no natural predators human brain knows she has you trapped. She knows she has you trapped. There is no way out of her grasp, that being her hands or just the current situation, at this moment.
>That doesn’t mean she isn’t absolutely dying to see you make an attempt. The pendulum makes one, solitary swing. Her tail twitches two or three times. Your brain makes a half-conceived thought at turnabout and undoing her top, and your hands move before you realize the potential consequences.
>Moments later you’re tumbling backwards when you’re shoved onto that sofa you were on minutes ago. While you readjust and come to terms your new position, you feel Ariannis’s weight pressing on top of you. It’s not clear whether she actually pounced you or she was simply that quick to straddle your lap.
>You wrap your arms around her waist, resting your palms across under her tail. Ariannis pulls in close, her hands firmly gripping onto your collar and shoulder while your ear explodes with the sound of her head wobbling purr. Hopefully not strong enough to lead to tinnitus, because there might be a lot of this in your future.
>She isn’t much concerned about your hearing as she rubs her cheek against your bare skin. It’s a soft act barring the random shove that feels like she’s trying to knock you over with a misaligned headbutt. For your effort you try to return the favor just for the sake of mutual affection, gliding over her fur and indulging in the softness of it.
>Ariannis isn’t your first anthro...lover, and you hate to be the type to belittle past relationships, but there is a world of difference between the woman on top of you and the doberman you were with back in high school.
>Maybe she held herself to incredible standards when it came to personal care rather than any attempt to show off. Or being with a man again meant that she had to do more than service level maintenance. Either way it is almost as if Ariannis wanted to be touched with how luxurious her fur felt against your skin.
>You oblige that as best you can by digging your hands downwards in an attempt to slip underneath her pants. Not happening this time though; despite the suspenders they’re far too well tailored to her shape and have no give.
>Ariannis tsks in your ear, “Typical man. Eager but with no situational awareness.” She says with a huff of amusement. Her hand slips off your shoulder and reaches behind her back. From your vantage point over her shoulder, you see her fiddle with a button just above her tail. It pops off with a relieved click and you can see pants slide down a small amount now that they aren’t being held up by Ariannis’s dancing fifth limb.
>Understanding paints your face as you nod before tugging and pulling her tucked shirt out to give yourself as much room as possible. You also ignore the tittering in your ear as Ariannis feels you fighting to undress what you can. “I suppose I should switch to a less complicated wardrobe if I’m planning on any of our quickies actually being quick.”
>You can sense she’s sticking her out her tongue as she says that. Somewhat because of the smug amusement in her tone, but most of that feeling comes from her now dragging it against your skin. At first it’s pleasant, interspersed with soft kisses, but she’s focusing just on one spot.
>There is some cause for concern when the spot on your neck, far above your collar, is starting to feel raw underneath all the attention. Things click when Ariannis begins to suckle on your skin and you become keenly aware of the shape of her lips against your body.
>”Aris, are you-”
>Once you’ve realized she was giving purposely giving you a hickey, a malicious snicker escapes from the woman. It doesn’t sound too unlike the way she laughed when you both learned your dick had a thing for scary women outside of your apartment. “Mhm.” Ariannis says with a decadent purr as she pulls herself away to press her nose to yours. “You think I was just being affectionate for the sake of it?”
>”Would it be too much to hope that was the case?” You ask with a shrug. “I was trying to unwind here.”
>”By riling me up? Dear, I still have a few things to do tonight before we go home and I tear my little Romeo out of his clothes.” She says as she strokes under your chin with a clawed thumb, letting the hook of the bladed digit drag across your skin. “I can’t be going back into another surprise Family meeting smelling like we had a small honeymoon in here, lover mine.”
>”Ah.” You say, nodding as you let up on your quest to grab a handful of feline ass. “So...why the thoroughness?” You ask while Ariannis looks over her shoulder at your now unmotivated hands. There is a tinge of disappointment on her face when she turns back.
>”I just wanted to make it clear to Eileen’s girls that playing with you like that is a bad idea. And maybe anybody else with eyes on my prize.” She says while shifting on top of you, spreading her legs out wider. “Nothing says hands off like a scent rub and a hickey. And maybe I just like giving humans hickeys.” Ariannis adds before taking one of your hands and forcing it down the rear of her pants in a manner as casual as putting away her wallet. 
>Cat ass fills your grasp, and you can see the ends of Ariannis’s lips twinge into somewhat of a lurid smile when you give a test squeeze. She goes quiet barring a singular groan of appreciation at the second squeeze, letting your fingers explore the unseen depths of her clothing.
>The first thing you discover is a line of swollen flesh along her cheek. Whip thin, maybe even literally, but it’s there. You add it to your mental catalog of her scars and focus on the second discovery. Something lacy, expensive, and only by the faintest definition of the word actual underwear.
>”Hmm, black or red...” You say, trying to keep your grin from stretching ear to ear as you play with the material between your fingers.
>”Well, they came as part of a matching set dear. You have two hands last check; see for yourself.” Ariannis coos as she returns to her work in progress, reminding you that while hickeys may or may not be hot, they’re more fun when they’re spur of the moment rather than purposeful. 
>You relent to the feline on top of you, leaning your head off to the side while you reach under her neckerchief to start with the top button of her shirt. Determined not to add the the repeating frustration of one of you unable to undress the other, you concentrate on the act of getting those buttons dealt with.
>By the fourth one you can see the curling black lines of a lingerie bra peeking out from her loosening top. Like the simple minded idiot you are at the moment, you find yourself grinning at the stark color contrast of Ariannis’s body and her underwear.
>The simplicity reminds you of the kind of high brow art seen in museums. There is beauty in so minimal yet so eye catching. There is also beauty in the fact that if Ariannis stood up straight you could bury your head in between her breasts like an unimaginative seventeen year old.
>”Hoo,” Ariannis exhales as she pulls away from your neck, “Should I make another on the other side?” She asks herself, admiring her work.
>If your hand was wrist deep in her pants you would be trying to rub off some of the saliva coated rawness that is aching just under your chin. She made sure it was visible with how high she put it. “I think you made your point, Ari.” You say, not wishing to prolong this treatment any longer. 
>”Poor dear,” She draws a circle on your cheek with a finger, “I’m being so selfish right now, aren’t I?” She says that like it’s a surprise, but then pushes your hand off her chest. Leaning back, she starts to peel off her suspenders.
>”Wait wait wait,” You start, waving your free hand to stop her before things go too far, “Keep them on, just for a second.”
>Ariannis releases the straps back onto her shoulders. “Anon?” The woman was nothing if not expressive, tilting her head as her eyebrow raised.
>”Keep them on and undo maybe two more buttons. Please?” You have an image in mind, and you need to see if reality lives up to your expectations.
>She pauses for a second on top of you, rolling your request through her mind as she tries to figure out what you’re on about. Still her hands reach up and finish the job you were trying to do with just one hand. One button, a second button, and then...
>Her shirt is halfway undone at this point and before you can reach up and finish the masterpiece you’ve fantasized in your head, Ariannis reads your mind and tugs at the inner edges of her shirt.
>It’s perfect. It’s sex and danger. It’s wild yet restrained. It’s shadow and light, playing on the beach.
>Ariannis’s chest falls out, the floral pattern of her black lingerie more decorative than protective as between each of the silken flowers and cross patterns is an escaping touch of white fur. One breast is marred by a thick scar that races from underneath it to beyond the cup of her bra reaching towards the center of her chest, while the only sign of pink on the other is a shaded nipple that seems to have barely escaped another reaching down from her neck.
>All of this is resting on the soft yellow of her shirt, framed by the black suspenders you rightfully asked she keep on.
>It’s art.
>”Dear.” Ariannis say after coughing for your attention, a hand covering her mouth as she looks off to the side. Her eye patch is towards you so you can’t see her good eye as she continues, “You’ve seen the girls before.”
>”I, uh, didn’t appreciate them before. I guess.” You say, becoming aware of the fact that your mouth had been hanging open.
>She looks back towards you, and you don’t recognize the look on her face. It’s almost as if she doesn’t know what face to make. Ariannis cups your chin with one hand while rubbing her eye with the other, blinking a few times, “Oh my god, how were you ever single?”
>”What? Come on, give me some credit.” You say, failing to fight the grin on your face as she lifts your face from the couch up to hers, “I had a girlfriend once, before this.”
>”Had, dear, and that means she was an idiot.” Ariannis chastises your ex while you sit up straight, but now she’s smiling too. She sighs despite her smile, “This is the second time you’ve seduced me when I still have work to do.”
>”I think that means I’m doing a good job.” You shrug, downplaying the fact that seeing her like this is starting to get to you. Just like last time, a feedback loop would only get the both of you in trouble.
>Her lips peel back in an sheepish smile before pressing into yours in a soft kiss that both belies and spells out how she’s feeling. It’s short, but hesitant to pull away. “What am I going to do with you?” She’s purring again, this time far quieter as if the two of you were to be caught any second now.
>”Let’s see. As your professional boyfriend, I suggest that you kiss me again, get dressed, escort me back, go do Family things, then take me home and then, uh, we can fuck each other stupid? If it fits in your schedule.” You suggest, pulling your hands free from her pants and doing your best to catch her now whizzing tail back into the strap it was in.
>Ariannis noses at your cheek, getting one more proper scent spreading rub in, “You’re really good at this.” She mutters as she wraps her arms around your neck
>”Maybe you just have a good knack for finding talent.” You assure her.
>She agrees. Or at least, you’re pretty sure she agrees with how loud her purring gets when she attacks your lips. After a few seconds of breathy lip nibbling and wandering hands, feline claws find the back of your head with a sound of a surprised moan from Ariannis.
>It matches the timing of your turning to the side and turn this into a french kiss, but that is just a happy coincidence. You’re no Romeo, after all.
>You rest your hands on her thigh and waist, but the one at her waist doesn’t stay there for long. Before you were distracted by her scarred beauty you had your eyes on exploring of every part of her. Now that you two were off like a shot, it doesn’t take long for you to pull her bra down.
>It makes Ariannis break the kiss to gasp and then giggle like an excited woman twenty years younger as she presses her chest forward into your waiting palm. Palms, when she grabs your other hand so it can match its partner.
>Resting her arms behind her head she puts herself on display, eye closed as she rolls her body to molest herself in your grasp. Not one to play passive you catch her nipple in between your fingers and pinch every time she pushes forward.
>Rolling turns into bouncing on top of you, and you lend the feline a hand by thrusting upwards to help with some air time. Your hands leave her chest to grab onto her waist for proper grip.
>Things are devolving at this point as you catch yourself dry humping to meet with Ariannis as she grinds down against the bulge of your cock now that she’s found it. The two of you are both huffing hot air in hushed volumes, as if to deny what was actively happening on this sofa even as she stops bouncing and she starts trying to press you into the furniture.
>You catch her looking down not at your face, but at your belt buckle. Every now and then that face of deadly irritation shows up only to be banished and replaced with a sinful look of bliss when the two of your crotches meet. Which is fair, because you’ve been eyeing her crotch in an attempt to light her pants on fire via pyrokinesis.
>Your hands begin to sidle around the hem of her clothing only for a mood shattering siren to blare out from them. You stop what you’re doing at once blinking in disbelief.
>Ariannis stops too, catching her breath while one hand begins fix her bra and pull it back over her breasts. “Haahfff-Fuck! Ehehehe...” A breathy laugh escapes your frustrated lover as she fishes her phone out of her pocket. The device is still trying to convince the three mile area around it of an incoming bombing raid as the feline tries to calm it down.
>”You set an alarm?” You ask, calming yourself down as Ariannis leans off of you to sit up straight.
>”I was pretty sure I wouldn’t be able to resist your studly charms, dear. So I set an alarm and had a replacement outfit prepared just in case we got too hot and heavy.” She explains before wiggling on top of you, looking down at her crotch, “Mm, no stain but gonna need to change anyways. Eileen can live with it, but I don’t want to run into Brodrick smelling like this.”
>”That’s...pretty smart.” Okay, you were pretty sure you weren’t going to fuck in this mansion anyways and you  surprised yourself by getting an erection in the same complex Eileen was in, but still. You can’t help but feel cock blocked here.
>”I almost didn’t.” Ariannis admits as she starts to button up again, and a thousand perverted souls cry out only to be silenced when she covers her chest again. “But I thought about how bad of a mood I was in, and how good you are with your hands, and decided I shouldn’t bet against my darling Romeo Anon trying to make my day better.”
>She grins at you, squeezing your nose between her forefinger and thumb before sliding off of you. The shape of the cushion reforms to a degree underneath you; you weren’t aware of just how dense Ariannis was until you’ve spent so long with her in your lap only for her to move.
>You summon the energy to pull yourself off the sofa, and become aware of the sweat you’ve worked up amid all that...foreplay. “Did you arrange a change of clothes for me too?” You ask, trying not to seem too needy as you check under your armpits. No stains as well, but if you can smell the sweat, no doubt every anthro with a functional nose would pick up on not only the sweat but the smell of needy feline on top of Ariannis’s property marking scent.
>Ariannis looks you over, thumbing her chin before reaching forward and rubbing a finger your neck in a circle. A circle around your no doubt fully formed hickey where everyone could see it. “I mean, I did. Because I knew I would do something to my lover boy. But...”
>”But...?” You turn your head as you look back at Ariannis, gut sinking at the amused smile parked on her muzzle.
>”I think this’ll send a good message. Maybe a different shirt so the smell isn’t obnoxious, but...yeah, this’ll work.” She starts to laugh to herself as she starts tapping away at her phone.
>”How much is this is just marking your possession and how much is this trying to piss off Eileen?” You ask as you check your own phone. You felt like you’ve been in her with Ariannis forever, but it seems to have only lasted for a half hour. A pleasant half hour if you’re honest with yourself.
>”Those are one and the same right now, dear.” Ariannis assures you after firmly tapping at her phone.
>”Oh. Fair enough. So, off to do some Family business? I don’t need details, I’m just...curious. Don’t know what I’ll do after this. Not a party person, but I can’t exactly leave just yet.” You are usually better at pillow talk when it is actually pillow talk and not cockblocked talk.
>”Nnnnmm,” Ariannis starts to say something but holds it while picking up her jacket from the floor, “Not really, Anon. This was more of just a careful stratagem than anything; I could have taken you back to my personal room here and having you make me shred some incredibly expensive bedsheets, but you never know when Grandpa Ivers may decide he wants to have a chat with one of his children. You know, me, Eileen, Devaroi, Brodrick. He likes to keep us on hand when we’re all under the same roof.”
>You nod, and make a determined effort to not show your disappointment. Not that it is necessary, since Ariannis is wearing some of her own as she checks her phone again.
>”Just how it is. Which is why when we get out of here you’re going to call off work tomorrow and spend tonight and tomorrow wearing me out.” She hums those last few words before grinning up at you.
>”I feel like you commandeered my life schedule just there, but really that sounds like a good reason as any to use a sick day.” You say, before realizing that you can’t actually brag to any of your coworkers about your relationships. The usual ‘yeah bro I fucking destroyed that pussy, she was begging for it’ swagger talk applied for regular relationships.
>Now that you’re not thinking with your dick, the reality of your situation is starting to filter back into the room.
>”Hey Ari,” You start, causing her to turn her head in anticipation, “Just out of curiosity, what are the chances I’m on some FBI watch list right now?”
>That raises an eyebrow from Ariannis, and she does her usual playful grin, “In general? Probably before we met, knowing weird shut ins like yourself.”
>Low blow, and you raise a finger in preparation of defending yourself before she continues.
>”But specifically regarding myself and in regards to the Family? Not likely. In a couple weeks though, or whenever I take you out somewhere, a picture of you will probably be added to my file in some investigation folder.” She seems rather lackadaisical about the matter, shrugging as if it was inevitable.
>”Ah.” You nod.
>”Though, if you’re a real bad boy and this becomes something,” She wiggles a finger, motioning between the two of you, “You might get promoted to a file of your own.”
>You roll your eyes, causing Ariannis to frown.
>Fuck.
>”No, I mean,” You start to explain, “If I ever make Nephew, and that’s a big fuckin’ IF, then not a soul in this place is going to respect me. I’ll be one of Ariannis’s Nephews who earned his promotion in the sack.”
>That disarms her worry for the moment, but you double down to be sure.
>”Honestly, everything else aside, you’re...you’re too bad Ari. Promise.” You give a half shrug.
>The look in her eye brightens, and she snorts, “That recovery was so smooth you could play hockey on it.”
>”Hey, I’m being honest.” You say, throwing your hands to the side.
>”And that’s what I’m glad I picked you. Even if I look like a villain from James Bond.” Ariannis sighs, before draping her arms around you in a hug.
>”Besides, you wouldn’t make Nephew under me anyways. You’re not cut out for the work.” She says while nuzzling into your ear, taking the opportunity to get some of her scent on the other side of your face.
>Words come out of your mouth, and you regret them by the time you get halfway through the sentence.
>”Well, what kind of work is it?”
