            There were many tales that spoke of a skilled warrior, bearing a tower shield in one hand, and a spear in the other. Donned in a red tunic, protected by plate armor and a helm bearing a red plume, many came to know him by the title that was given him. His name was Roman. Though others who were savvy of the significance of his armor, called him Centurion. For years Roman wandered the realms on his quest to return home.
 
            He had lost count of the years. He could not age. Whatever source of trickery or magic that was in play, it had shaped him into an ageless wanderer. His face bore no wrinkles nor spots nor gray hair. Many who looked upon him saw nothing more than a thirty-year-old man bearing more scars, each with a tale that could fit a novel.
 
            Roman was tired. So very tired. His spirit was weak and drained from his travels. His body could not age, but his mind had. He had not rested since his journey began. The Centurion believed that he would never rest at all, that the journey will end with a blade finally taking his life.
 
            So many worlds, so many wars. Each an experience he will remember and take with him to his grave. Yet there was nothing to learn nor gain. It brought him not a step too close to home.
 
            His recent travels brought him to a quant, wild, and fertile realm of unimaginable wonders. Magic communed with nature, and many made their homes among the giant trees that dotted the lands. By night, sparks of light streaked across the twilight, journeying to the abundance of stars that blanketed the night sky.
 
            The insects glowed in a heavenly luminescent color of blue and orange. Paired with that were the flowers; red and green that one would imagine them to be the homes of the fae folk. Shimmering eyes of the cervine galloping through the forest danced in harmony.
 
            By day, the warmth of the orange sun brought the quiet forest to life. The trees rustled in the gentle winds of everspring. Light breaks through the gaps within the branches, painting the soil with energy and heat.
 
            The musical choir of the forest was joined by bug and bird. The whistle and calls of the wild ever present. Many have nested and feasted by the lake, creating a vibrant ecosystem in the center of the region. Here, the light reflects off of the clear, fresh, warm springs. A small cavern completely overtaken by the willow tree branches lead to a vibrant grotto
 
            Behind it laid a small temple, or maybe a home. The overgrowth of nature had made refuge in it. The Roman would never have believed that this world bore the marks of civilization. Someone must had built this place.
 
            He removed his armor from his person, then his tunic, until he had nothing left but his loincloth. With one step into the warm water, a sense of euphoria washed over the Roman’s mind and body. Further he delved into the springs. The clean warmth of the springs sent shivers up his scarred, muscle bound body. A trembling groan erupts from the depths of his chest the more he lingered.
 
            Roman found that he was not alone, however. As he spent gods knows how long drifting in the springs, the presence of another prompted him to stand. He turned towards the grotto and there, standing by the entrance was a tall, brown furred, cervine looking creature.
 
            This one did not stand on all fours, however. She stood upon two legs, with a figure like that of a human woman. Not unlike many of the creatures he had come across in his journey. This one had a spark though. A sort of divine presence that she carried with her.
 
        She was adorned in a variety of jewelry, and there were very little of what can be described as her attire. A white band was wrapped across her chest, exposing not only her midriff, but her upper torso. The band was held together by small golden chains that looped around her sides, hooked around the back of her band to keep it in place. Transparent silk flaps were connected to the back of her band to the rings of her fingers. Hanging from her hips and covering her waist was a flap of cloth, also held by a thin golden band.
   
 
            The doe was vibrant looking, young, beautiful. Even from a distance. Yet when she spoke, it was warm, deep and nearly motherly.
 
            “I did not expect visitors at this time of day, let alone wanderers who think it not disrespectful to tread upon my property,” she said with a calm, gentle voice that still hold a manner of authority. “Who are you that invade the comfort of my domain?” she asked.
 
            The Roman said nothing for he could only stare. Enamored by her radiance, it took him only a moment to realize that she had demanded him to speak.
 
            “I… am no one important. Just a wanderer roaming between planes,” he said simply.
 
            “No one important? Your scars… your eyes… they tell a very different story about you. With a body as young as the finest buck… with eyes as old as the wisest owl… you are an oddity. For you to come to my domain and lie to me… well, it is disheartening.”
 
            The Roman gently gestured his arms aside. “I came here expecting this world to be empty. As I’ve come to expect this temple to be empty. Nature has already taken its course and reclaimed that which was left here so long ago.”
 
            The doe smiled at him gently. “Indeed, it has. But that does not mean it is without an occupant.”
 
            “Then I suppose you shared your adobe to nature?”
 
            The doe gestured her hand out to the forest. “It is this world who has shared its adobe with me.”
 
            The half-naked Roman gently shook his head in confusion. “I apologize. I’m not sure if I understand. You said this was your domain, was it not?”
 
            A gentle laughter escaped from the female as she gently wades through the water to approach the Roman. “Indeed, but my home and natures’ are synonymous. For we exist within it together. It is this land’s home as it is mines.”
 
    His gaze fell upon her naturally hips as they gently swayed from one side to the next as she moved through the waters. Amid a large patch revealing the open light, Roman could see more of the details. Every step was a graceful display of her defined yet smoothly slender legs.
 
            “So… you and nature have a symbiotic relationship with one another. I suppose the same could be said for the indigenous wildlife?”
 
            “Yes, but it is not just a realm for the wild, ageless warrior. Mortal beings come and go as you have.”
 
            The Roman looked upon the temple beyond the grotto, then back to the doe woman.
 
            “Well I suppose a goddess needs worshippers and followers.”
 
            The doe smiled again and reached up to tap at her chin. “An astute observation. You are correct; I have worshippers that come and leave me tribute and pray for blessings. They rarely stay long.”
 
            “Being the only occupant of this grove, I can’t imagine anyone else living here. Especially when it all looks as old as this.”
 
            The Roman shuffled his legs within the water, wading close to the cervine woman. “Who are you? If it is not too much for me to ask.”
 
            “Too much? Why warrior, I try my best to be a good hostess to the denizens of the realms. Or at least, this realm. Outsiders may give me trouble from time to time, but you are the first outsider who has not raised a blade against me.”
 
            The human smiled and gestured to himself. “I am without my blade, as you can see.”
 
            “Indeed, I can,” the deer made a heartfelt chuckle from that and bowed towards the human. “My name is Eta. I am the keeper of this part of the realm. I guard the grove, the forest, and the wildlife here, and provide to any weary traveler a place to comfort themselves.”
 
            The human took another good look at her figure as they close in together. This time a lot longer than it would be necessary to make out more of her appearance.     There was naught one imperfection found on her body. With long, flowy white hair that touched her shoulders, her fur trimmed and kempt with signs of consistent grooming even when matted expressed such femininity that it was hard for him not to be smitten by her.
 
 “That is a lovely name for a lovely creature.”
 
            “Ah, a gentleman with an open mind. It is not common, but I do get such compliments with beings outside of my respective mortal kin.”
 
            She raised her hand up and gently cups the side of his face. “And what is your name, ageless warrior?”
 
            The human felt a mixture of comfort, yet nervousness when the creature touched him. While the conversation was pleasant and civil, he was still trespassing, and he didn’t exactly give her enough reason to trust him or allow him to stay. Aside from being unarmed and engaging with wit rather than might.
 
            Slowly, Roman reached up to grab hold of her hand and gently pries it away. “I go by the name Roman. That is all there really is to me.”
 
            “But it is not your name, is it?”
 
            He shook his head. “No, this was a new name that I have been given since I was lost to the realms. My old name is dead from the world I left.”
 
            Her eyes softened as she looked upon him. Then her gaze examined around his masculine figure, curling her fingers inward as the Roman releases his grip on her.
 
            “Another weary outsider then.”
 
            “I suppose I am.”
 
            She shook her head, then turned her head to the side. “Yet, there is more to you than I realized. Your stance, your eyes, your walk…” The doe then reached out her hand to him, still smiling ever so warmly. Though there was a hint of sadness to them. “Come. Let me ease you.”
 
            While still a bit weary, the Roman raised his hand slowly to take a hold of hers. He moved close beside her as the doe turned to make her way towards the grotto. The smooth, warm, silk like feel of her wet fur, how she gently grasps his hand as she pulled him further in. A part of Roman wanted to pull back, run away. The tales of sirens and seductresses luring hapless victims to their fate served as a reminder that things are not always as they appeared to be. Though at the same time, the lack of willpower he had relented to his eventual fate.
 
            “I suppose you would give me an eternal rest my body desires?” he morbidly joked.
 
            “Come now Roman. If I wanted you dead, I would had slain you the moment you stepped foot upon the grove.”
 
            It took Roman a moment to finally let go after constantly arguing with himself in his head. If he was to die, so be it. He had resigned from the world for far, far too long. All he wanted was rest.
 
            “Yes darling… come rest…” she spoke as the human loosened all the tension in his body.
 
            Between the cool shade of the grotto and the warm gentle breeze of the spring air, the two stood beneath the overhanging willows. Looking deep into her eyes, the Roman pondered on what the deer woman’s intent was. The way her snout twitched, and her ears flickered, how she smiled, she seemed as though she was but a curious young doe and nothing more.
 
            “So, you are a goddess that keeps and protects this realm and its sacred grove…” Roman repeated her earlier words. “Were you born with divinity or were you ascended?”
 
            The doe tilted her head to the side as she smiled. “Are they not one and the same? Such complexity would leave you with a great deal of more questions.”
 
            The Roman just smiled at her. “You’ve not heard complexity in stories until you learn the history of my gods. Just try me.”
 
            The doe reached one finger up to tap on her chin. “Hmmm… Then I will divulge on your curiosity.” She reached back for his free hand with her own and held them gently. “I was born as a sickly child. My mother and my father came here from a small village far, far from this place, hoping to ask the goddess to save me. Though when they arrived upon this sacred grove, they found the last goddess dead upon her altar. She was slaughtered and devoured by a malicious creature not of this world.
 
            “This realm is no stranger to evil. This one was no different, but it was very violent. It wanted to see my home, my world, destroyed. Before it left, the creature torched the forest and would have let the fires spread if it weren’t for the nature of this grove.”
 
            She pulled the Roman towards a tall stone pillar that sat in the middle of the grotto. With her hand and his intertwined, they reached up to grace the overgrowth that surrounded it with his hand, only to find the stone was smoothed and chiseled out.
 
            “Should goddesses of the grove die, they either leave another young and a virgin female successor to take their place, or another from beyond the grove. I was placed upon this pedestal by my parents. I can only assume that they knew of the nature of this place and imagined that this was the only way to save me without the help of the goddess. Though it also means I am soul bound to this place. I could never return to my parents.
 
            “For a long time, I did not know what I was, who I was, or where I came from. But by the grace of nature, and the memories it shared with me, I learned how to speak, how to walk, how to sing… and how to tend the gardens. It’s been like this for a hundred thousand years.”
 
            She turned to look at Roman, ears flickering. “I watched this place grow, to reach the prime of what it once was from the previous goddess. As it grew, so did I. I only ever got to see my parents on several occasions. While their visit was brief, it was welcoming. I knew that they loved me. While it pained them that we could never have a chance at being a family like they wanted to, they were happy knowing that I was alive, safe, and well. They kept visiting as much as they could until they passed away, and I was left to be tended the lands here.”
 
            “But you’re lonely, aren’t you?” the Roman asked.
 
            The goddess looked back at him. It was a question that hadn’t been asked by any traveler that came her way. In fact, it was a question she had not considered herself. Though as she lingered on the idea, she found herself learning that yes, she was indeed lonely. Her companion was the grove and its inhabitants.
 
            “I suppose I am,” was her only response. “Maybe that was why I’ve taken such a keen interest in you Roman. There’s much to the pain that we experience, that we share.”
 
            “And here I thought you were weary that I might harm your grove.” The Roman smiled to her. Gently, he reached his hand up to cup the side of her face.
 
 
            After seeing so many different kinds of faces, Roman’s standards towards what he found attractive were practically nonexistent. He has seen so much, experienced so many things, spoke with so many people and creatures that even this doe looking creature was enough to capture his heart.
 
            He had loved and he had lost. He had always been so hesitant to connecting with others. Roman had always found himself to be alone. Though he had never expected to come across another who had suffered from being so disconnected.
 
            The human looked into her eyes and felt himself being drawn towards them, drawn towards Eta. The warmth of her young face, the tender gaze to her eyes as she peered into his was as comforting as the soft, graceful silk-like touch of her fur. Slowly, the doe reached her own hand up to cup the side of his face.
 
            “There are so many like us, in a way,” she said softly. “Though they were mortal. Any relationship that I would have with them would be cut short by the flows of time. Roman… you felt this way too… haven’t you?”
 
            Roman nodded his head in response.
 
            “Come, stay with me Roman. Stay here with me. Let me heal your lonely heart.” The does’ other hand reached to cup both of his cheeks, brushing her soft, dainty fingers across his smooth face lovingly.
 
            “Do you always fall in love so quickly with another being? Especially for a beautiful creature like yourself, who knows nothing but loneliness?” he asked her.
 
            “Astute as ever, my dear Roman.”
 
            The man gently chuckled and leaned his face forward, letting his nose touch her snout. “Your Roman? I didn’t realize I belonged to anyone.”
 
            Roman gently pushed Eta, letting her back leaned against the pillar. Their bodies drew closer, brushing against one another. With a tilt of the doe’s head, she leaned in close to kiss the human. The human hesitated for a moment, watching her expression. He wondered if this was the right course of action to take.
 
            Yet, this familiar feeling he had; he was sure that it would not change anything. Neither of them could age and they were both very lonely. There was no trick to this. Roman was smart enough to know when he was being influenced. He was just in the moment. Only him, and Eta.
 
            As he closed his eyes and released the tension in his body, the Roman pressed his lips to the goddess. Slowly, his hands trailed from her face to cup the back of her head. The warmth of her kiss, the heat of her breath, the heartfelt moan of passion that emanated from her had clouded the human’s mind with ecstasy.
 
            He was not sure how much time had passed since the first kiss. All he was focused on was her breathing, the taste of her saliva as their tongues danced together and the heat of their bodies. The couple felt their bodies shift into autopilot as their arms stretched further to wrap round their bodies. The Roman’s hands dropped from her head to motion down and wrapped around her hips. Eta’s hands found the Roman’s back as she wrapped her arms around his shoulders.
 
    Neither one could sustain their breaths any longer, they pulled back from their kiss and stared into each other’s eyes. The deer goddess’ gentle and soft voice resonated within him as she breathed heavily. Eta’s luscious tone sent shivers up his spine as the Roman leaned in for another kiss. This time, it was short, but the passion was still present within their kiss.
 
    The sound of the world was blocked from the Roman’s mind. Only Eta became his primary focus. How their lips smacked with every break, how their hot breaths hit their faces as every second was spent appreciating each other’s presence. Roman pulled back slowly. With his hands holding her by her hips, he turned her around to face the pillar.
 
    Eta instinctively knew what their next course of action was going to be next. Her hands reached back to adjust her flap. As she had worn nothing to properly conceal her womanhood, it would make intercourse more accessible.
 
    The Roman gave his loincloth a firm tug, letting it come undone around his waist to reveal his mahood.. He tossed his wrap aside and positioned himself properly behind the doe’s backside. Roman watched as Eta leaned forward and braced herself by latching onto the pillar.
 
    “Be my first, my Roman. Please,” she said in a heated, breathy voice.
 
    The human brought himself closer to Eta enough to brush his member along the entrance of her sex. His breathing became heavy and deep and matched with Eta’s pace. With one hand, he took hold of her hip, and the other reached underneath the goddess to take hold on one of her breasts.
 
    His chest brushed along her back as the human leaned further down to kiss the back of her neck. Roman made sure to balance himself with one foot forward and the other back, so not to flip over. Fortunately, it was easy to keep a balance with the water. He pulled his hips back to angle and aim his phallus. Gently he pushed his phallus into her sex, breaking her virginity in. A sharp gasp escaped from her lips followed by the deed. As Eta looked back at her human lover, she motioned her hips back to grind and enticed him to continue.
 
    “Are you okay? Do you want me to stop?” he breathed out.
 
    “S-sweet warrior. I am fine…I-I thank you though.”
 
    Roman nodded his head as he gave the female a gentle squeeze. He just wanted to hear those sweet sounds she made as he continued to explore her body. With a steady, slow and rhythmic pace, Roman started to properly hump his dear Eta.
 
    Roman increased his motions. With every thrust and buck of their hips, the water splashed and rippled. Eta’s fingers clenched against the stone pillar as she cried out his name. Her soft voice created this familiar sense of joy, one that he had not experienced since his last partner so, so long ago.
 
    “By Venus, you are amazing Eta…” the Roman said. His lips traced along her neck, going up to her face and gracing her cheek. The heat of his breath and the deep sounds of his moans had her shivering and whimpering.
 
    “Don’t… s-stop… my love. More.”
 
    The human was happy to oblige and continue his thrusts. The tension he felt building up inside edged him to his climax. He wanted to hold it off just a little bit longer. Roman pulled his hand that held onto her hip and reached downward to her groin. Carefully, he brushed his fingers along the goddess’ clit and pressed. In response, Eta threw her head back and cried out in ecstasy. She lifted her left leg up and stamped her foot back into the water, creating a splash each time.
 
    “R-Roman… my Roman… I’m getting close…”
 
    Hearing her words prompted the human to finger her clit harder now. His fingers were swift as they were firm, driving the doe goddess further into her climax. With the Roman’s member throbbing inside of the female and pulsing pre-cum, he felt he was reaching his climax.
 
    “Me too… Eta…” the Roman heaved. “My name… let me tell you… m-my real name…”
 
    The doe adjusted her stance and raised her upper body. With her right arm, she reached back to cup the back of the human’s head. She turned her face him and stare into his eyes. Those glistening jewels of hers, full of tenderness and passion. He never wanted to forget that look.
 
    “Tell me… t-tell me your name so I may scream it for the heavens t-to hear!” she cried out, closing in for another kiss.
 
    Roman’s hips collided with the doe’s as the sound of slapping wet flesh and fur echoed throughout the grotto. The warmth and beat of her heart resonated through his hand as he continued to knead her breast. The warmth of her soft ant wet, brown fur made his skin tingle in satisfaction. He didn’t want to let go of her. He didn’t want to pull away. He just wanted to be here, have her in his arms, and she wanted the same exact thing.
 
    Roman drew his lips over to her ear. With a simple kiss, and a nip on her tip just to excite her further, he pulled back one more time to whisper in her ear. “Marcus… M-my name… is Marcus,”
 
    The words of the human sent vibrations up the goddess’ spine; Marcus was his name. Marcus… what a wonderful name. It was one she would carry with her in her memories, and in her heart. To immortalize this moment, the doe pushed her lips back to Marcus’ for another kiss.
 
    Both of their eyes remained shut as they immersed into each other’s grasp. A sharp, muffled cry and moan escaped from Eta’s lips. Marcus felt the doe’s vaginal walls wrap around his member, gripping and tugging tightly as she reached her climax. The kiss only lasted for several more seconds before Marcus reached his climax. The two pulled away to cry out in ecstasy. Eta reared her head to the ceiling above, she screamed out her Roman’s name. Her voice echoed throughout the grotto, frightening the birds away and leaving the grove momentarily quiet and empty.
 
 
    Sometime had passed since that day. The two lovers were lost to their atavistic passions. For hours they spent making love to one another. For so long, the two had been without a proper companion. A soldier who had lost meaning and the drive to continue his journey, who lead a quiet and lonely life, found love once more. A goddess, who had lost meaning to be alive and loved properly, had also found it once more.
 
    Marcus had carried his beloved doe from the grotto and into the temple. His shaft still in her as they shared tongue and lips. Their cries and moans of intimacy filled the temple’s walls. When they had reached the goddess’ bed chambers, they were left with nothing else to wear. Marcus took Eta and made her his, just as she had made her human her own.
 
    By the break of the moon did they finally stop. For hours the now sweat soaked lovers laid upon the bed embracing one another beneath the covers. Eta laid upon her lover’s chest as she slept, lost in her dreams. Her heavy breathing and gentle hums soothed the still awake Roman as he stared at the ceiling.
 
    Marcus felt as though he was whole again. Even though he could never truly stay here for the rest of his immortal life, he wanted to stay here for as long as he could for her. A part of him was conflicted with himself. Should he continue his journey back home or remain with Eta? There were so many possibilities for what could happen in the future.
 
    Only the Roman realized one thing: he was in no real rush, and he was happy once more. He had not given himself the means to properly enjoy the pleasures and joys his newly beloved had to offer him, and how much he had yet to offer her.
 
    He looked at her and smiled. Slowly, he pressed his face against hers, taking in the doe’s scent and kisses her on her face. “Amo te,” he said to her. Soon, he too drifted off to sleep. The majesty of the world graced the sleeping lovers with the music of the forest, leaving tomorrow for them to forge.

