Agent Anon drives off into the night his head is pounding, and feels queazy, agent Anon pulls over to the side of the road to get some fresh air, then his eyelids felt heavy and he passed out.
When Anon came too, he was propped up by his car door, with a red light on the other side of road. A figure is emerging thought the dark, it looked familiar. It was Ellie.

>Ellie dabs anon's forehead with cotton wiping away some blood, she must have a medical kit on her bike
>"Uhh, my head" groaned Anon. "how long was I out" 
>"I don't know" replied Ellie "I was riding past and I saw some headlight's so I decided to check it out, how'd this happen?" 
Ellie now on both knees eye level with anon.
"Umm, some, some truckers...and a pipe..."
Ellie stands up immediately
"Ahh!, Don't tell me they!...augh! they did this cause you're Human didn't they?, God!."
Ellie kicks anons car door in frustration, she calms down almost as quickly as she got mad and attends to Anon's aid, she gently grabs anon's chin and moved his head for any more cuts scanning all over Anon's face.

>"I'm sorry...for the inconvenience Ellie, I should have rested"
Anon looking down at his tie in embarrassment.
>"Shhh, shhh, it's fine, I couldn't just leave you by the road side, those truckers might have found you or been car jacked."
>Ellie's voice makes anon feel safe and can hear kindness coming though the warmth of her voice she's different from before, her jaded and distance attitude is nowhere to be seen, it's like she's a different person.
>"So...this the first time you've given first aid to a Human? Or better yet a detective." Anon now looking directly into Ellie's eye's.
>"No... I had to help Annie out when the local kids used to throw rocks at her it was tough for her." Ellie has now noticed Anon's gaze and pretends not to notice.
"I'm sorry Ellie I didn't mean to-"
"It's fine" Ellie sighs silently to herself trying to hide her anguish from Anon.
"If it makes you feel better Ellie, I'm going to try my hardest to find out who did this to your Friend; I promise." Anon says confidently trying to reassure Ellie
"And how can you help me detective, you don't have any clues and you think I'm a killer" Ellie rebuttals Anon.
"I really don't want to believe it's you but when you don't co-operate with us I have to draw conclusions, you could come in and give a statement you know then we don't have to suspect you. I could keep you safe."
"So what! You wanna frame me?" Ellie sounding serious and back to the brusk side again.
"No, I just wanna help you!, I don't know a lot about you or what you're going through but I think your a good kid I know we're just strangers but we don't have to be, if I knew anything about you I could help you and understand."
Ellie calms back down, anon's words reverting Ellie back to being tender voiced again
"Why would you want to get closer to me? To anthro's even, this town has been nothing but jerks to you, Why Would you want anything to do with them." Ellie looks down at the floor beside Anon, too ashamed to look anywhere near him.
"Cause I always wanna believe in the best of people that deep down there good people..."
Anon now has the strength to get to his feet and puts his hand on Ellie's shoulder.
"Even you..."
Ellie avoiding direct eye contact all this time now locks eyes firmly with anon
"But-but I'm just a biker! Nobody wants to listen to what I feel!." Ellie panicked blurts out.
"Was the whole biker thing supposed to scare me cause it's safe to say it didn't, although you do look good in leather." Anon has a quick chuckle underneath his breath.
"Oh and I suppose "Mr. spend a night in jail cell" was just playful banter eh? I could tell you where trying your hardest to be intimidating like I would shake in your strong but silent demeanor!." Ellie can't help but smile after saying it out loud and then breaks out into a laugh.
"Wow, it feels so long ago since I laughed" Ellie says with a look of nostalgia of better days on her face.
"Don't mention it, I'm just trying to help, you know your a pretty good kid Ellie, if you ever want to talk I'll always lend my ear for you, a-about the investigation I mean." anon chuckles feeling flustered trying not to seem if he was flirting.
>" Yeah, I'll think about your proposal now your not grilling me from behind a desk you seem like a nice guy, maybe it's not just you, you humans; So kind in nature, yet so fragile... I wonder why I'm drawn to you're kind" Ellie says with a light yet also serious tone about the question.
"You like being friends with humans eh, well then, what about me can you be with me." Anon playful asks.
"Yeah your alright I guess,I could see myself hanging round you, course I've been only friends with Humans but I don't know anything about being with a human romanti-"
An awkward moment washed over the situation, and Ellie quickly heads towards her bike flustered.
>"W-wait!" Anon trying to get her to stay but she's already on her bike.
>"Don't worry you'll be fine for driving" Ellie closes her visor "but I wouldn't stay long"
Anon standing upright and against his car as Ellie revs her bike
>"Things tend to go bump in the night" then, she speeds off into the night leaving anon alone
Anon dusts down his trousers and gets back into his car "why did she get so flustered we were just having some playful banter, or did she really..." anon chuckles wile turning on his engine " Ha!, Me! dating a anthro? She was just joking she doesn't like you that Anon, although I wouldn't be totally against the Idea if she wanted to ...god what am I saying!, I need some sleep that must be the bump talking" anon drives away and heads for a motel blocking out any romantic thoughts about Ellie, "she was just talking it didn't mean anything" Anon kept saying to himself, but deep down he could hear the voice inside him say "you want her too".