Buccaneers of Black Pond


This morning Billy would earn his nickname. 
It was cold enough that frost gathered at the edges of every window. Most houses had their curtains closed and blindfolds down, and that was mostly true for Billy’s house. The exception was in his living room, where the neglected blindfolds littered the carpet. And so from within the house blue light reflected off the frost in the window.
Inside sfor the whine of a television. Its screen was a blanket of crackling sapphire as a VHS tape stuck out of its mouth. It was a favorite of Billy’s father, the hulk who snored beneath the stairs. In a recliner he slept, stained by the predecessors of the drink in the sleeping giant’s hand. A few more were at his feet, in carpet that was also stained, but the rest of the living room was clean. Or at least, untouched. 
Far to Dad’s left, dust gathered on the framed pilot license in the windowsill. Ahead, between the television and the kitchen entrance, crumpled a shephards-crook that was a plant. Right, nails stuck out of the graying-brick fireplace, nails that hadn’t seen stockings in a year. 
Over Dad’s head the stairs creaked. 
Billy couldn’t be quiet on stepping on the first step with a full dufflebag over his shoulder. It seemed all octaves of groan and squeak were achieved as he descended no matter how slow he took it. By the time he reached the bottom, he was in a rush. “If he didnt wake then, he won’t wake now.” Billy thought. 
But then the door presented its own challenge. Its hinges were stiff yet attached loosely to the door, clattering against its frame as billy grabbed the knob. The knob however resisted, his gloved hands slipping off the crumbled bronze brooch. So he removed his gloves, dropped the duffle bag, and gripped the knob. The bronze was cold against his calloused hands. 
With a cough, a rattle, and a shake of the entire household, the door opened. 
With the last obstacle surpassed, Billy gathered his stuff and ran out the door. 
His father’s eyes shot open to the sudden shaft of cool air hitting the back of his neck. 
Billy was a block west before the door was shut again.
The episcopal church’s spire grew in the horizon as Billy ran. His lungs burned, his breath bursting into clouds that spurred past like a Cadillac's exhaust. He took a turn at the edge of his street onto the king’s highway, and knew instinctively from seeing black pond’s frozen vestige through the mulberry bushes that he only had a half mile to go. He could still make out the etchings of past morning’s games, a crisscrossing floor between the goals; Two spider-like nets, hung on pairs of long lead pipes, mired in the summer when the pond thawed, originally used for weirs out south that caught the seal-avoiding bait fish that’d become chum. Billy could see one of his friends, Mike, had removed one net already, so with their combined efforts the second net could be freed. But Mike was nowhere to be seen, meaning he’s probably dealing with his sisters,and Billy had little time. So he continued southwards, making a mental note to apologize to Mike later
The dufflebag clanked and rumbled as Billy ran, getting heavier the closer to the church he got. It’s spire wasn’t the only man-made obelisk spearing the sky. Centering the downtown rotary came the war monument, reassuring the blonde boy as he ran by that he was a minute from school as well as the church. 
He ran at half his fastest, so close to the agreed meeting point, passing the block of main street that depended on the church’s out of use parking six days of the week. A Boutique, a diner, a hair salon, a nail spa, an entry way for all the apartments capping the 2nd floors of this building, and finally the smallest outfit along this vein of the town: A somewhat recent addition to the main building, with still freshly pale shingled walls beneath large windows suited to show whatever lay inside the dark interior, beneath a finely carved wooden sign that read “Renowned Furniture.” 
Billy took a left down the road next to the store that led to the church parking lot. He reached the bottom without thinking, and slipped onto his ass, sliding across a brand new sheet of ice. Skating past this befuddled figure was Frank, locks of his hair trailing from under his helmet like cans on a newly wedded couple’s limousine. 
“Hey hey hey Billy.” He said with a nasally tone. 
“Hey hey hey Franky.” Billy came to a stop, his rump hitting the edge of the ice where the church lawn met the parking lot, crossing the length of the ad-hoc rink. It was equal to three buses parked side by side, not a fifth the area of the parking lot. He spotted Roger, coiling a hose sourced from the back of the church. 
“Is it good?” Roger yelled.
“Yeah.” Billy said with half a mind, too busy pulling out skates from under the books in his bag.
“Nothing like the natural stuff.” came Franky as he halted. “But it is god given, and I will count my blessings.”
Roger tossed aside the half-done coil job and picked up his skates. “Har har. Billy, was Mike behind you?”
“I didn’t see him, but he got one of the nets down.” Skates, helmet and Stick equipped, Billy shoved the lighter duffle bag onto the lawn.  “Probably stopped so he could make breakfast.”  
“You cool just hitting pucks against the wall?"
The rink was a rectangle bordered on two and a half sides; To its east slept the church and its backyard, its white coat glossed with frost that matched the grass. To its west was the concrete walls which housed the staircase to the main street building’s apartments. To the north, half of the border was the church driveway leading to the parking lot, the other half a continuation of the furniture store. The back copied the front, plenty of glass windows to show off wares, visible in this instance as interior lights were turned on by a yet unseen owner. 
Billy was busy staring towards the store, looking for the owner. Roger skated by and repeated the same question. Billy blinked, then said. “Yeah, you go first.”
Roger’s miniscule frame darted around the ice. To Billy and Frank, the sheet was almost too small to have any real fun, but the short man learns to appreciate tight spaces. His yellow stained sweatshirt bellowed as he moved back and forth, covering 40 feet without issue as the puck hovered between his legs with every nudge of his stick. His friends watched on, rolling their eyes and pretending to check their watches to get the point across: “We don’t have all day.”
But Roger persisted, shifting across from one end of the rink to the other as fast as he could. Then he stopped and turned before the church, whacking the puck with his fullest force. But the stick struck the ice and caught cement, breaking in three and throwing the boy onto his back in a single movement. The puck remained unmoved. 
Frank and Billy dropped their own tools and rushed over to help him up. Picking up the largest remains of the stick, Billy read to himself the names ingrained in the aging wood, each one except the last crossed out; ‘Elijah... Jebediah...Luke...Ezekiel...Anthony...Roger.’
“Christ, Raj, do you have anything for yourself?”
Roger angrily took the stick and threw it into a leafless cherry tree. Pain and exhaustion reddened his face, but when he turned and saw Billy’s, he chuffed and patted his shoulder. “Yeah, friends like you.”
Billy smacked his arm. “Gay.”
A crack and a thud raddled behind Roger. Frank had taken the liberty to demonstrate a proper goal shot to the gray wall but left behind no mark on its bumpy face.
“Let me try.” Billy came behind Frank and took the puck. As he did something caught his eye in the direction of the furniture store. 
Behind the blue tinted glass, bobbing to a rhythm Billy could only guess about, swept a figure in a black hoodie. Their denim-covered hips went back and forth, naked half way to reveal tufts of orange fur that reflected the gleam of the birchwood floor. What looked like an orange bow bobbed atop their head, though looking at her leg and then back made Billy realize it wasn’t a bow but a pair of rabbit ears bound by a scrunchy. He knew they were ears, because wires streamed from them down to a round walkman hooked to the girl, he was hoping a girl, hooked on her belt over her rather thick posterior. 
“Tiger trooper.” Billy thought, remembering the historical name given to anthros. “I want to get her attention.”
He looked down, having stopped on the ice, and stared at the puck under his stick. And then at the wall 20 feet ahead. And thought “I know how.”
“Hey Billy!”
He looked over his shoulder at Franky.
“Excuse my preaching, but are you going to shoot-” Franky was interrupted by a smack to the stomach by Roger.
“Yeah.” Billy thought to himself, focus returning to the puck. “I think I’ll shoot.”
He turned and skated towards the church, giving the little black pill a few nudges. A slight maneuver to the left to reduce speed, then facing backwards he raised his stick and waited as the momentum carried him ever closer to the lawn. A second before his heels dug into the dirt, Billy gave the puck his hardest strike ever.
It flew. High. Headlevel of any adult NHL player, a foot above these highschoolers. Any official referee witnessing the puck would’ve called foul. 
It struck the wall, bounced in an arc as high as the church spire roof, and then crashed through the furniture store’s glass.
A female shriek filled the air.
“Oh shit.” 
Franky turned and ran across the church lawn, kicking up soil and clumps of grass stuck together with ice. His right blade caught in an underground sprinkler, cracking the plastic head as he tripped. A stream of water burst upwards, giving the disgusting-haired boy’s boots an ice cold shower.
Roger hit his ass and grabbed his laces. With the speed and enunciation a monk would be impressed by, he prayed while undoing knots, apologizing for reading comics in the pews, pleading that he was trying his best to be a good kid, that he didn’t mean to use the lord’s supply of water to accidentally assist in property damage, and for the good lord above to not send the police as divine retribution.
Billy’s initial reaction to the scream was “Definitely a girl.” 
He stared at the furniture store entrance as it opened. Out stepped the rabbit girl, and the first thing he noticed were her beautiful blue eyes. And how cute her buck teeth were as she cursed him out in a language he couldn’t wait to learn later on.
As he stood, Roger came up behind him and grabbed him by the shoulder. In a haze the blonde boy made out his friend’s comment; “Christ, you made that puck Ricochet like a bullet, Billy.”
Bullet. Billy.
“What a cool nickname” He thought, dragged by an apologetic Roger towards the screaming rabbit woman. 
“Maybe she’ll like it.” 
 
Chapter 2
 
The pile of blankets inside the cop car snorted when the radio cracked to life. “Williams, Williams. This is dispatch, over.”
Officer Williams threw the blankets into his passenger seat. With baggy eyes he looked for the microphone, then grabbed it from under the emergency break. “This is Williams, come back dispatch.”
“Yeah we got a call concerning conflict between locals and a new tenant. Head to main street parking and sort that out.”
“Roger that dispatch, on my way.”
Letting the mic slip from his skeletal fingers to the floor, Williams turned the car on. Hot air burst from the fans and melted away the rime against his windshield. Its engine hummed and carried over the trees, disturbing sleeping starlings into flight. 
Two minutes and the vehicle was in reverse, leaving her nook behind the rust-chipped weather dome. One three-point-turn, and she started down the winding forest road. Trees gave way to sand dunes, dressed by man-planted grasses in checkerboard formation. With a bump, the dirt road under the wheel transitioned to pavement. And as Officer Williams turned on his sirens and accelerated, he passed a rotting wooden sign; ‘Webbs Causeway Nature Reserve.’
In five minutes, the cruiser was coming down the episcopal driveway. The police officer paid no mind to the ice on the parking lot. It broke easy under the cruiser’s wheels, and the rink’s creator didn’t notice. He was too preoccupied trying to talk to a giant cursing rabbit.
Williams,  yawning, mumbled “of fucking course its an anthro.” The lanky man stepped out of the car, barked some orders, and fifteen minutes of explanations and excuses from the boys flied by. Then he walked over to the rabbit girl, still shaking with anger, and got her side.
“So...Miss...?” 
“Dagger.” She answered, looking up at his large forehead. “Mein full name is Elisabeth Dagger, Hofficer.”
Williams clicked the pen in his left hand. “Miss Dagger, how do I spell that?” 
Elizabeth spelled out her first and last name, ear twitching every time she had to correct a mispronunciation. She didn't do the same with her middle name, or even said what it was. She thought the officer would ask though, and clenched her fists in preparation. Her arms twitched as she maintained an anxious stare at his notebook, though she wasn’t tall enough to see anything he wrote. 
“Alright, thank you.” Williams clicked his pen a few times. The rabbit girl breathed a quick sigh of relief, and her arms went still. The cop looked her over, footpaws to ears, then to the three boys lined up in front of the gray wall. 
‘Vat is he doing?’ Elizabeth thought. She forced her dainty muzzle to frown,  fascial muscles more naturally inclined to a slight content smile. She was stressing her disappointment, hoping to pressure the police man into doing something. Anything other than have her wait. She had waited enough for several life times already. 
When the policeman didn’t acknowledge her frown, Elizabeth instead looked at the boys and thought. “Vat is he thinking?”
Franky, The tallest one, shook in his wet boots.
“Scheisse.“ Elizabeth thought to herself. “Scared by nozing.” 
Her eyes shifted left of Franky, passing over Roger. She didn’t think anything of him as he prayed towards the ground.
No, it was Billy at the end that really got her pistons firing.
She wanted him to be the one shaking. She wanted him to be the one praying. She wanted him to be punished! Persecuted to the fullest extent of the law and given the strongest sentence possible!
Then came a beeping from officer Williams’ wristwatch. He pulled back his fleece’s sleeve and clicked a button before saying “About time.” 
“Hofficer?” She said. Then her ears twitched. Far off, behind the furniture store and past the rotary, the ringing of the highschool late bell.
Williams realized he had blanked out staring at the watch. “Hmm?”
“So vat are yu going to do about see boys?” Elizabeth asked.
“Miss Dagger, these boys are late for class.” 
Roger slapped the jacket-covered stomachs of his neighbors and pointed at the two conversing adults.
“The teacher’s will punish them harshly enough. The more we preoccupy them, the greater chance they flunk school and persist in being a nuisance to society.” Said the cop, holding back a yawn.
“Vat is how yu’re going to punish them? Public education?”
“Now I did not say that!” Williams turned to face the boys. “Preacher’s son, string bean, step up here.”
Frank and Roger walked over to the officer, shaking as they stood before him. 
“I expect you two to settle this matter without involving me. Confess to your parents what happened with the sprinkler, go from there.”
Roger and Franky exchanged a fistbump. 
“Now get to class!” Williams pointed his thumb over his shoulder, and the teenagers ran off, thinking how they would explain this to their parents. 
The officer’s attention shifted to Billy. “Come here, bright eyes.”
The blonde young man stepped forward and looked the officer in the eye. Disrespect was not intended but Williams was too tired for mercy. “Look down!”
Billy obeyed.
“Now.” Williams ripped a couple pieces of paper out of his notebook. He scribbled his name, number and badge on the first sheet. He handed it to Elizabeth along with a blank sheet and the pen. “Miss Dagger, write down your home address, home number, and business number.” 
“Hofficer?” Her left ear raised with her left eyebrow. 
“Now.” 
“On vat am I supposed to write sis?”
“On the damn ground!” 
The lapine surveyed the ground, making sure she wasn’t going to kneel on any glass shards or peices of sharp ice. On her knees she began to write what was asked.
Williams was enjoying the sudden rush of power. He went back to facing the boy, hands behind his hips. Fatigued visions of him appearing as a drill sergeant filled his mind. “Now, Mr Wolcott, if that is your name. I do not want to waste time dragging your sorry ass to court over a flimsy destruction of property charge!”
“Vat?” Elizabeth sputtered. She struggled to focus on making her number tangible. It was difficult, writing on paper against her furry thighs.  
Billy, adrenaline pumping through his veins, felt the urge to smile, especially when he heard Williams’ idea of a punishment. 
“You are going to report, after school, every day, and even on weekends if necessary, to this hear young-” The officer bit his tongue and looked at the rabbit. “...does’ business and work off the money necessary to pay for a new window.”
The pen slipped from the rabbit girl’s fingers onto the cold ground.
“Am I making myself clear?” Bellowed the police officer.
“Crystal!” Answered Billy. 
“Good.” Williams thought, next patrol, to bring a movie player to rewatch full metal jacket. 
Miss Dagger got off the ground and brushed gravel off her thighs. Williams snatched the paper and pen from her, then handed them with another blank sheet to Billy. “Now keep this as a method to contact her. And write down your number and address on this blank.”  
When the contact information was exchanged, Williams reacquired his pen, and then started for his car. Opening the door, he yelled “We settle things a little differently in this world, Miss Dagger. Have a good day.” 
The rabbit girl didn’t give a reply. Her mind was still struggling to process Billy’s ‘punishment.’ 
The young man in question, meanwhile, was now standing beside her, in a similar state of disbelief.
Just as the police cruiser turned onto mainstreet and zoomed away, miss Dagger shook her head. 
“So vat? I supposed to vait until hes out of school for sis glass to be cleaned?” She said, as if the cop was still there. Turning towards the shattered remains of Renowned Furniture’s rear, Elizabeth paid no mind to her new human employee.
“Nozing matders in sis world.” Her eyes turned skywards. Overhead, against the overcast clouds, a starling flew.  “Nozing.”
Behind her coughed Billy.
“Sorry for destroying your business.” He removed his gloves and offered a handshake. “I hope I can make it up to you.”
The rabbit snorted, scrutinizing the naked skin of his fingers. Pink from the winter cold, like smaller digits she saw in a different life.  Yet, these were callused, firm. She didnt feel the desire to protect these.
She took his hand and gripped it hard.
“Yu Betder.”
 
Chapter 3 
 
 
When the end of the day bell rang, and all four boys met at the rear exit, Billy made the call; They would go to The Sweet Spot and purchase enough snacks to last their inevitable house arrest. Mikey was brought up to speed by Roger, who kept stumbling over his words out of mixed excitement and anger.
“Its just one dumb string of dumb luck after another!” 
“Yeah.” Mikey said while brushing scarlet hair out of his eyes. He was more focused on when to get a haircut while babysitting than his short friend’s complaints. 
“Between your neighbors and that rabbit lady,” Roger eyed his father’s episcopal church, across the street. “They can all suck a bag of dicks.”
“Or a bag of carrots.” Frank nudged Bill in the side as they trudged ahead of Mikey and Roger. “Ay?”
“Huh?” Billy blinked a couple times. He returned the nudge with a chuckle. “Oh, fuck you.”
“Ow! Ow! Hey man I’m just saying- Ow! I wouldn’t mind finding her in my garden patch.” 
After delivering an onslaught of shoulder punches, Billy rubbed his thumb against his fingers.“She had pawpads on her fingers.” He thought, staring at his naked hands. The afternoon sun making it hot enough for gloves to remain in his bag. “Soft, like powdered sugar.” 
Two women exited The Aberdeen cloth store a block from where the boys were heading. Their arms weighed down by glossy red bags sporting winter ware. Where they walked they occupied most of the sidewalk. Frank, worn from his mock-beating, took behind Billy as they formed a single file line. Mike, seeing the women pass, ran ahead to Billy. 
“Guys, can we be quick? I don’t want to leave my sisters alone for long.”
Billy and his train of thoughts stopped. A challenge? He shifted his dufflebag from his side into a fireman carry, and yelled “Last one there has to pay!” before running. He was followed close by the redhead, then a few meters behind was Roger, and then finally Frank. 
From Aberdeen’s, the Sweetspot was a five minute run. And only that long because of traffic from cars and pedestrians alike. The boys couldn’t have complained. They’d lived here for fifteen years, known fifteen summers when the town was so stuffed, traffic stood still. When car exhaust overruled the smell of kettlecorn roasting in a cart that now, in the winter, was covered in a tarp and set beside the candy store entrance. When radios blaring and complaints from drivers and jay walkers alike blocked the tranquil ding of the entrance bell. The very bell that ringed as they stepped into sweet spot.
“Hello squirt.” There was Dac, leaning over the cash register, adressing his brother’s late entrance. He was like an older mirror image of Frank, though with short black hair and a longer face.  “What’s the rush?”
Panting and wheezing, Frank sauntered up to the counter and motioned for a drink of water. When he got nothing, he coughed and slapped the marble counter. “Dac, I need a favor.”
“Shoot.”
“Really?” He straightened his back so quick his dreadlocks bounced. “Why?”
“Just tell me what you want first.” 
Frank slapped the counter again, making a weight scale rattle. “I need to pay for all of their candy but I don’t have my wallet.”
“Okay retard.” Dac motioned to his little brother to come closer. “I’m not coming home Friday night. Mom and Dad ask, say I stayed after work to check inventory, maybe fell asleep. Deal?”
“Deal.” 
The boys had already gotten their goods and formed a line. Mikey was first, pound bag of penny candy held in both hands. He made a sound to let Franky know he was in a hurry, shaking the bag back and forth so it sounded like waves crashing on a beach. 
Billy didn’t put half a mind towards picking out his candy. He chose to fill a bag with circus peanuts. Against his digits they were almost as soft as her, maybe too squishy, too easy to break. They were orange too, exact shade as her fur. And that smell as they were torn in half. He couldn’t have smelled her. The air was too cold, and there was too much distance. And he didn’t want to, that’d be creepy. But the smell of marshmellows and peaches, an aroma of soft and sweet. That summarized the idea of her to him perfectly. 
“Hey Buddy you gonna let me weigh that or what.” Said Dac. 
Her voice wasn’t that bad either, he thought. Her accent was cute, really cute what with her being angry. Did she sound cute when she was happy? Or when she was trying to be romantic? 
Roger poked Billy’s shoulder. “Hey so you didn’t explain, how did you get away from the police?”
The blonde boy then had a realization.
Mikey was already opening the door when he was nearly knocked over. “Hey I thought you were running back with me?” 
“Sorry man.” He knew he could them ask for forgiveness if he had a good excuse. Because tomorrow they’ll be happy to hear his explanation. “I got a date!”
But Elizabeth was not forgiving, and not happy, but not present to hear his excuse. 
Taped against the entrance of Renowned Furniture, in black ink on red construction paper: 
“ Closed to public. Stupid boy take back entrance.” 
“I’m not stupid.” Billy pressed his face against the glass, peering into the poorly lit interior. No rabbit women in sight. He did notice how the door thumped with his touch, and discovered that it opened with ease. “You’re the one who didn’t lock the front door.” 
The skin on the back of Billy’s neck stubbled with goose bumps as he stepped into the frigid studio. It was much, much colder than outside, as vents over head hissed conditioned air. He reached behind to unzip his bag, and then dropped it. Against the pale of the birch floor the bag thumped, and from it Billy got his gloves and a red wool beanie. 
His heart ached seeing the hat, a gift from a birthday that seemed to be another life. A gift he really didn’t like, feeling like he was being treated like he was half his current age. An attitude that he had regretted a week after his birthday. 
But now as Billy put it on, he didn’t mind. It would keep him warm, and maybe that lapine woman would find it cute. 
As he donned the gloves, the blonde boy took note of his surroundings. The storefront was twice as long as it was wide, with less room to move with how stuffed it was with furniture. To his left, stacked on top of a desk, two ottomans, one upside down atop the other, with tiger stripe cushions. To his right was a bookcase that touched the ceiling, lined with burnt leather books and backed against some stacked end tables. Not four feet lay between the ottomans and the case, creating a little hallway that lead past more furniture. Sofas stacked on their side that reeked of an old woman’s home. And a wooden file cabinet bronze locks flickering as Billy walked in front of the light they reflected. All leading to a flight of spiral stairs piercing the store’s center. 
Billy looked up, and saw tufts of a pink carpet poking out from the next room above. Her room, he thought before heading in the opposite direction.
He walked lightly down the steps of the forged staircase, more of the basement revealing itself. A book case to the left. A chest to the right. And far to the front of the store, bent over, that rabbit woman whom Billy had pissed off not nine hours before. 
Her ass was high in the air, tail like a fluff pyramid dedicated to the rolling hills below. An ass which seemed to want to burst forth from its denim bonds. An ass that was to billy so fucking fluffy that not even jean shorts could contain the cushions within. Tufts of fur poking out past the hem and waste like waving hands from a leaving cruise ship past, beckoning Billy to come aboard for a soft snuggle, to undo her belt and press his face between her two large, fluffy-
Elizabeth grunted as her paws gripped the plywood board, and with a wiggle of her tail she heaved it up. Then with a sigh she pressed it between two other boards nailed against the wall. One hand holding the board, she reached for the hammer on the floor. Then she saw Billy, and barked “Help me!”
The boy ran over and propped up the wood while the rabbit nailed it against its siblings. 
“Yu are late.”
Billy’s eyes were to ground, her thighs against his peripherals. “I needed a snack.” 
“Yu can eat aftder vork. As revord.” 
She nudged herself between him and the wood to finish nailing the bottom, her ears brushing against his nose and mouth. He lifted his head and exhaled, making her velvet ribbons twitch “Stop sat.”
Billy inhaled before holding his breath, catching her aroma in the process. Like cinnamon and vanilla.
“Was this a wierd way to learn how she smelled? She did press against me...” he thought. 
As she finished up the carpentry job, Billy’s mind moved towards small talk. “So, you live on the top floor?”
“Ja.” She moved out from under him, and he realized he didn’t have to keep holding the board. “Yu go in?”
“No, I just saw the pink carpet.” 
“Gud.” Elizabeth dropped the hammer, and sauntered over to a bottle of water. She walked with a grace that Billy enjoyed, a cadence that gave her hips a slight side to side sway. A natural stride, an adaption to the offset weight aftwards formed after years of experience. Or maybe it was taught. Billy hoped she didn’t have any ex-boyfriends.
“So, where’d you get the furniture?” He asked. 
Wiping water from her wet lips, the rabbit cocked an eye brow at Billy. “Vat?” 
“All of it upstairs looks really old.” He rubbed his chin and looked around, pantomiming an investigator he remembered from the movies. “And this stuff too. Its all dusty antiques.” 
Elizabeth took a second to process what he said, and then smiled. “Ja, dusty Handiques.” 
Setting the water down, she dissapeared upstairs for a minute, and then reappeared with a devilish. Like waving a wand made of a fox’s tail she revealed a duster from behind her back. “Dust sem so sey arh just Handiques.” 
And so Billy took the duster, smiling politely, and started on a nearby rectangular display case. There was a rug of smutz along the glass so thick it was like a brick of unkept steelwool, catching the duster every time he swiped it against the glass. “This is fucked.” He picked at the fuzzy mass. “Why’d you let it get so bad Eliza?”
“Say vere in schtorage for years!” She pranced over and handed a spray bottle and rag. “Und mein name is Elisabeth! Not Elisa.”
He got to work digging the hairy crust off the glass case. The first swipe of grime revealed dark blues and light greens in a porous blob next to a brown hulk. The next cleared away enough for more details to come through; The light green was shaped like a sabre, The brown hulk also attached to a yellowish hulk. Working away the dust with tight circular motions of his hand, Billy was finally able to make out what was inside that case. 
Painted on a piece of driftwood two feet long, a map of Webbs Island, the date of 1740 etched into the corner and filled in with red wax. To its left, a miniature of a tall ship, carved out of wood and placed on a bronze plaque which read “Jasmine’s Thirst.”
“Hey, this is cool stuff.” Billy said, admiring his handy work as much as the items of interest. “Where’d it come from?”
“I halready said.”  Elizabeth stood beside him crossarmed, like a parent looking down on her child, though she was the same height as him if not shorter if her ears didnt count.
“Yeah, but why did you store it? And where did you get it before?”
The rabbit girl sighed and walked towards the staircase, giving him another nice view of her well shaped rump. Billy followed her up and to the front exit. 
“If yu...” She turned on her heel towards him and stabbed a claw into the puffed flannel of his jacket. “ come here tomorrow. On time. Vith ein desire to lisden to orders... I vill hexplain.” 
“But for now, yu must go. Your stunt drained me of energy and I vant early sleep.”
Out the door Billy walked, duffle bag in arms, silk-smooth rabbit voice at his back. “Goodnight. Don’t be late again.” 
“Night.” He whispered, not sure if the cold he felt was how he treated her or the outside. The door closed behind him and echoed over the cool air. The clear sky had given way to overcast, and sunset approached ever near. As he walked northeast towards home, streetlamps buzzing to life all along the king’s highway, the boy reflected. 
“Even though I fucked her window, she didn’t seem that angry.” He turned when he passed Mikey’s house, where both goals on black pond where now without nets. “Maybe she’s forgiven me. Or it wasn’t that big of a deal. Or maybe I did a really good job at work.” 
He reached the block of his house, walked up the broken seashell path to his front door, and removed his gloves. As he opened the door his father greeted him from the couch. “Anything new?”
Billy stopped at the first step and dug aroudn his mind for words to say.
“Nah.”
Then he continued up the stairs, down the hallway and to his bedroom.
“Maybe she doesn’t think I’m worth the effort.” Changing into his pajamas, Billy saw his young face in the mirror. “Maybe she’ll just tell me I don’t have to work for her any more since I’ve done enough to pay for the window.”
Scrutanizing his visage, Billy felt less confidence in himself then he had before going into that furniture store. “Maybe this is a waste of time.”
And then he remembered the size of the rump on that rabbit.
He licked his palm and pretended to slick back a macho man’s mullet where his buzz cut currently existed. Sticking a finger gun towards himself, he proclaimed. “Time spent oggling ass is never time wasted. Maybe everything will turn out just fine.” 


Chapter 4 


The clock in the classroom said 2:00pm.
“Mister Callaghan, do you have a question?”
Mike whipped forward and clasped his hands. “No, Mister Young.”
“If you do, it’s alright to ask me.” The aforementioned Mister Young tapped a meter stick against his freshly shined leather shoes. “I’m sure I have a better answer than Mister Wolcott.” 
A minute of silence passed. Mr Young stared at the red haired teen. Mike stared back, smiling, thinking how similar the teachers nose was to a half pipe.
“Very well." 
The teacher turned to point at a map unraveled against the chalkboard, wiggling his bushy eyebrows. “So who can remember why the French coined the phrase ‘tiger troopers’?”
A ghostly white-skinned girl raised her hand. “Because Tiger Anthros were picked by the Spanish to wave their flags.”
“Correct, this was during the thirty years war...” Mr Young pointed at the world map and rubbed his index finger between Germany and France.  “As the militaries of Europe grew, it became necessary for the emergent anthropmorphic population to be utilized.” 
And so the lesson resumed, and after five minutes, Mister Young was lost in his world and Mikey saw a chance to resume conversations.
“So the cop said you had to help her?”
Billy dropped his pencil, having taken the lecture to finish a drawing on the inside of his notebook. “Yep.”
“So that was your date?”
The blond sucked on the bottom of his lip and looked away. “Yeah.”
Mike snorted and seemed to Billy to focus on learning rather than Billy’s search for love. So he took to shading in the doodle, a caricature of Elizabeth toting cake and a gameboy colour while in lingerie. 
“So is she hot.”
Frills and doilie patterns spiraled around the rabbit’s panties. “Yeah.”
“You sure you’re not just into bestiality.”
The eraser top bounced off the back of Mikeys’ head. He chuckled and cracked his neck.
“So what makes her hot then?” 
Mr Young rolled up the map, and wrote on the board “Rocroi - Tigress Captain - Page 91.” His eyes grazed over the students, making sure they were checking their books. For a second he focused on Mike and Billy. Then another student asked a question, and Mr Young’s attention wasn’t on the boys.
“She’s got a huge ass.” 
“How huge.” 
Billy waited for his friend to look over his shoulder, and then demonstrated with his hands. The red head chuffed and smiled. “But do drapes much the carpet?”
He took a second to process the statement, and then asked “what?”
“How’s her tits?”
Doodle Elizabeth’s massive mammaries were smudged away by an eraser worned down to its metal parts. “She’s pretty flat.” 
“Darn.”
Mr Poung pulled down the map again, eyes drifting again to stare at the two boys at the far back. 
“Why?”
“What?”
Billy finished adjusting his illustration of the rabbit with accurately sized breasts. “What’s wrong if she’s got small boobs?”
“I mean, nothing.”  Mike scratched his chin. “I guess they’ll grow when you impregnate her.”
The pencil fell out of the blonde’s hands onto the ground.“Ech”
“What?”
Billy leaned over and picked up his writing utensil. His eyes shifted out the window to his left, where a starling perched on a branch outside. 
“I’m fucking fifteen, man.” 
“If you want to be a man...” The ginger bent to the left and tied his shoe, giving him a chance to look his friend in the eye. “You got to think about that stuff.” 
The starling bounced from one end of the branch towards the tree trunk. Mister Young was asked if any tiger troopers visited their town in the olden times. He scratched his chin, assured the question-asker that the answer was on the tip of his tongue, and consulted his textbook. The rest of the class took this chance to talk amongst one another. 
“Besides.” With more people talking, Mike felt safe enough to raise his voice. “Imagine you as a father.”
Billy raised his voice as well. “Hey fuck you.” 
“You would make a great Tv show. Not even 16 and a father.” 
“I’m not sure I’d like to make a baby with her! I just find her hot.” 
“Mister Wolcott!” 
The class went silent. The startling stopped on its branch. Mike slumped in his chair. All eyes were on Billy. 
“Would you come to the front of the class?” 
Every thought of the boy’s was fear. The chair screeched as it scraped against the classroom floor. He walked forward, each step echoing in his mind. As he passed his friend, for a quick glance Billy thought  he saw “sorry” mouthed but not said. 
He reached the front of the classroom, standing before Mr Young, wielding the meter stick like a dictator’s whip. 
“Repeat what you said.” 
Billy hesitated, peering at his seat. Mike sliced a thumb across his throat. 
“Mister Wolcott, as this is last period, we don’t. have. all. day.” 
Billy coughed, took a deep breath, and repeated what he had said. “ I’m not sure I’d like to make a baby with her. I just find her ... hot.” 
It was silent again.
And then someone laughed. 
And then the whole class laughed. 
From the first goody two shoes on the front left corner to the pair of buffoons in the corner behind Mikey, they all laughed.
And Billy felt the most foolish he had felt in forever. 
“That does not sound like the history of anthros.” Mister young commented. “Please go back to your seat, Mr Wolcott.”
Billy obliged.
Just as he was about to sit down again, the teacher said “And, Mister Wolcott, please see me after class.” 
The boy sulked against his chair, slipping down until the back of his neck was against his back rest. He wanted to crawl inside something and hide until everyone in the room was dead and his loud mouth was forgotten.
“Anyways, class, thanks to Miss Colt’s question, your homework is research.” The bushy-browed man erased the blackboard and wrote down instructions. “Look into the history of our town and bring me back a paragraph describing one notable person you found.”
Mike whipped behind him and uttered a quick apology, but wasn’t heard over Mister Young saying “Bonus points if this citizen is an anthropomorphic. ” 
Though his pride was still hurt, Mr Young’s instructions made the boy lit up. Elizabeth did seem to like that history stuff.  Billy could ask about her ancestors, get to know more about her, and even get closer to her. 
Maybe even close enough to grab that ass...
 As Billy fell back into day dreaming, the starling began to dance on the branch once again. 
 
The watch read 3:27, exactly 57 minutes after school ended. 47 more minutes than Elizabeth expected for Billy to get there. But this watch wasn’t on either boy or rabbit mentioned. Instead, it was on the railing in the bell tower of the Episcopal Church. Roger’s eyes bore into it, his hands wrapped around the rope attached to the bell. “3:28....” He whispered. 
Down below the leafless trees swayed as the wind howled. The eastern gust was frigid, and Roger felt it through his gloves and life-preserver-like coat. “Fuck.” He squeezed the rope, itching to tug it already. “Come on, 3:29...”
To the west, coming from the parking lot, a large white van pulled up the driveway. It stopped to signal a left turn, and the sudden movement and its colorful logo caught Roger’s eye. ‘Abernaphy Glass’ read the logo, red letters circling a woodpecker, its mouth agape. Then the van drove into its turn towards the rotary, taking the third exit and leaving Roger’s sight. 
“They probably repaired that rabbit bitches’ glass.” Roger’s brown pupils came to rest on the side of Renowned Furniture.   “Goddamn. If it weren’t for her I wouldn’t be in this mess!” 
He spaced out staring at the store wall, revisiting yesterday morning in his mind. Since that incident he had not only lost another place on which to play hockey. Roger had lost privilege of playing with his friends after school, his father coming up with busy work as punishment. The only option now was to wake up early before his father or siblings, and head out to play. But they would need a place that was close to all of their houses. Close enough where it would take little time to get there, and then once they’re done playing, get to class. 
As Roger pondered, Billy Wolcott came running from the school, crossing two streets to bypass the rotary. 
“Oh hey, Billy! Billy!” Roger called out to his friend. Maybe they could hammer out an idea right now and scout tomorrow before school, he thought. 
But Billy didn’t do so much as look in the church’s direction before opening the store’s entrance and disappearing.
“Ah well.” Thought the reverend’s son. “I’ll catch him tomorrow.” 
Then Roger heard his father yelling, realized it was 3:35, and tugged the rope quickly. 
 
When Elizabeth took a seat on the crate, the church bell next door had begun to ran. But the rabbit lady didn’t pay it any mind.
Boot scuffs and mud trails crisscrossed the floor surrounding her.  Beneath new windows, splinters and twisted nails littered the windowsill. A cool breeze came through the rear entrance, the glass door currently taken roped against the wall outside. 
Abernathy Glass, in their efforts to make the job easy, took the door off its hinges. But they broke the hinges, and the pneumatic closer, and had scratched both the door and the frame. Rather than informing the German accented rabbit, who was already high strung when they had arrived, they made a swift egress once the windows were installed. 
Luck was on their side. Elizabeth didn’t care to stop them about the door. She was too busy ripping into the deliverymen, complaining about how late they were,  criticizing their poor costumer support, tarnishing their very names until they dropped the wooden crate where they stood, leaving the store without so much as a goodbye. 
A crate that was too heavy for the petite rabbit woman to lift. 
Elizabeth enjoyed the breeze that blew in. It was the only thing about her new home she enjoyed. The air was either cold, or wind blew enough to make it cold. 
Of course, it wasn’t the same type of cold that snow brought. Snow, that reminded her of times which ceased since her unexpected arrival to that seaside town. 
Elizabeth hung her head and sighed, her ears drooping close enough to her mouth the onrush of air covered up the sound of Billy’s entrance.  
“Hello! Sorry I’m late!”
The rabbit girl winced as she mentally prepared herself to deal with the boy, thinking of how to get the best use of him. 
“Wow, what the hell happened here?”
Elizabeth didn’t answer him. She jumped her plump rump off the box and, motioned him over. “Grab ze mop. I do not vish to step in mud any more.” 
Billy obeyed, or at least he was excited to follow her orders. He spent a minute standing still, looking for the mop until she pointed at it behind the counter.
He dragged the filled bucket out from its hiding space, sploshing water here and there and then had to go back and wipe up the puddles he created. All in silence, as he thought of the best way to start a conversation. 
“So, sorry for being late again.”
Elizabeth picked up a nail that sat on her windowsill, paying him no mind. 
“My teacher, Mister Young, cool guy. He gave me this homework, right.”
She rolled the rusty nail in her pad-tipped fingers.  The brief thought of crucifying the deliverymen from earlier came over her mind. She dismissed it as cruel and time consuming.
“Yeah it was such an important task he had to keep me after class, and thats why I’m late.”
The bag jingled as Elizabeth dropped the last nail into it.
“See, he wants us to research past people who have lived in town, and that got me thinking...”
As he spoke he watched her walk by, approving of her salmon-pink sailcloth shorts. A complimentary third color to her white and gold tail, which disapeare as she turned to point at his feet.
“Boy!” Elizabeth pointed at his feet. “Vat ar yu doing?”
Billy made a puddle mopping the same square foot for the past five minutes. A roll paper towels sailed by his head and hit the wall behind him. “Clean sat up, sen ve shall move dis crate.”
On his knees, the boy continued. “How long have you lived on cape?”
“Vat?”
Billy repeated the phrase in a slow manner. “How long have you lived on cape?” She repeated in the same tone.“Vat?”
He rubbed the entire roll of paper towels against the puddle, a little annoyed. “How long have you lived in Catuvella?”
“Four years.” Elizabeth dropped the rucksack full of nails on her counter. Turning towards the crate, which was as tall as her hips, and by proxy the boys’ as well since they were the same height, and decided she was going to move it now. “Come here.”
“Are you descended from any tiger troopers?” The sopping roll of paper towels was left behind as Billy came to stand before the wooden box. “Or are you one...”
“Stand here, und prepare to lift.” She ordered, pointing at the side of the box farthest from the stairs.  “Ready...go!”
Up and off the ground Billy lifted his side, making no noise other than deep breaths. But his lapine employer groaned and grunted, almost panting as she struggled to hold the box. “Follow...me...” She hissed through grit teeth.
Five minutes and they were halfway up the spiral staircase. Though the box was heavy, it was interesting enough that he didn’t mind the weight. Orange packing stickers littered the crate, showing that the box had been moved before a lot. He recognized the area codes printed on them from writing letters to pen pals in middle school. Boston, New Bedford, Bristol, places out west, off cape past the canal. Dense, urban cities, poor in some respects, but appreciative of the time for which Elizabeth’s knick-knacks all came from. Billy wondered if maybe she was from the Museum of Fine arts. Maybe he was out of her league, he worried. Maybe she preferred an educated scholar, or a hardy punk over a hockey-playing brat. 
The rabbit girl gasped. “Ar yu paying hattention?” 
When he realized she was talking to him he stuttered. “Uh yeah! I’m giving this all my focus.” To emphasize his point, he peered around the edges and corners two or three times. In doing so, he noticed something.   A small black stamp against the grain of the wood, almost small enough to read, but recognizable. It was nothing more than a name surrounded by a box in black ink. 
Dovin-Basil. 
Billy stopped walking and Elizabeth’s grip slipped as she tugged against the non-moving blond and crate. Billy found himself teeter tottering at the top of the stairs as all the weight of the box coupled with the gravity pressed against his back. His hands slid along the rough edges of the crate, catching splinters and cuts as the rectangular prism shifted further up, or rather down as he bent backwards, towards his chest and neck. In an act of pure adrenaline, Billy lifted with all his strength and threw the box over head, catching himself on the railing to avoid a sumersault down the stairs.
The crate soared over the railing and landed with a crunch on the hardwood a story bellow.
“Boy!”
The rabbit girl shoved past him, speed walking down the stairs to come before the crate. It was in the same condition before he dropped it. Perhaps smoother where Billy’s hands sanded themselves against its splinter covered-edges. 
But no doubt, if she had the energy to lift the box, Elizabeth would find the falling wooden crate had scratched the basement floor.
“Sis never vould have happened if vu hadn’t come here late!” She yelled at the boy as he sat on the staircase catching his breath. “Tomorrow if yu dont come in time, I vill call yur parents, I vill tell sem vat happened yesterday und I vill see yu in so much trouble! Scheisse!”
So mad was she that she stomped her foot-paws against the floor. Billy, looking down on her, was part amused, part terrified at how her ears twitched. And then she yelled.
“Now go! Leave! Go! Go! Scheisse!”
And without so much as a goodbye, Billy ran.  Up the stairs, through the storefront, out the door, and heading home along the king’s highway. He didn’t stop to take a look at his hands, his palms and especially his pointer embedded with wood. He didn’t stop to catch his breath,his chest pounding as the adrenaline screamed through his veins. He didn’t stop even when he started to feel the stress, like a vice grip squeezing behind his eye sockets, as the same few thoughts raced through his head. 
“I fucked up! She hates me! If I fuck up again I’m dead! I’ve ruined my chances with her! I fucked up! She hates me! I’ve ruined my chances with her! I fucked up! She hates me! I’ve ruined my chances!..” and so on, his thoughts only slowing as he turned down the street to his house. 
“She hates me...I shouldn’t have talked to Mike in class. I shouldn’t have been late. I shouldn’t have fucked around when I was supposed to mop the floor. I should’ve stopped fucking around with the box.”
The box. That stamp. A familiar name whose echo started at the back of Billy’s cranium and enveloped every thought as he trudged north. Dovin-Basil. Dovin-Basil. Dovin-Basil. He relived an experience he thought he had gotten over. Something that could’ve happened a lifetime ago when actuality it was last year. Something that was actually everything and now meant nothing as every thought of regret, guilt, depression and angst smashed into one single bout of melancholy and then, apathy. Emotional overexertion turning to exhaustion. And then nothing.
Billy came to a stop in front of his house, thoughtless. 
He took a deep breath, tried to remember what he had been thinking, then stopped in his tracks again. Halfway to his door. 
“Okay you know what...” He raised his hands, the strap of his dufflebag chafing over his shoulder. “I...Nothing can get worse.”
The front door of the Wolcott house opened. Billy’s dad was standing in the doorway, belt in his hand. 
“What’s this call I got from your History teacher?” 

Chapter 5

“I’m going to Deadman’s pond.” 
Billy rubbed his red ears as he stood before the mirror, the stinging pain still there from yesterday. Roger stood next to him, tidying up his collar. None of the other boys were in that third floor bathroom. Billy had only talked to Roger that morning, and only told him to meet here at 2pm
“Are you sure?” Roger said, pressing a zit he found on his nose. “If you think we should go there for hockey, I dont think it’d work. The time it’d take us-”
“I’m going once class is over.” 
Roger’s zit popped as Billy spoke. A dribble of blood pooled down his forehead. He nabbed a paper towel and dabbed at the fresh wound. “Okay. Are we taking the dirtbikes?”
“Yes.”
“Good! Sweet.” When the blood stopped flowing the towel was in the trash. The boys left the restroom, Roger following billy, though he wasn’t in the same class. They didn’t even share the same grade.  “They should both have full tanks, so we’ll be ready to go once we get to your house.” 
“Alright.” Billy didn’t look in roger’s direction as he marched down the hallway. “I’ll be seeing you...”
Just before he ducked back into class, Roger stepped in front of him. “Hey wait! I’m grounded. I’m gonna need to call my dad when we get to your house. Can you give me an excuse? ”
“Tell him you’re helping me at a job and you’re getting paid.” 
Then Billy shoved past his younger friend. 

A half hour later he was opening the front door of his house in as slow a manner as possible. So quiet and dark was it inside that Roger jumped when he heard the door close behind him. 
“Quit fucking around.” Billy barked in a hush tone. “You know where the phone is. Go call your dad.”
So the short teenager stepped around his blonde friend, and dissapeared into the kitchen. When Billy couldn’t see Roger in his peripherals, he let his mind wander aimlessly. Listening to the sound of his heart as his ears still whinced pain. 
Then Mr Wolcott Senior came through the front door and said “Hello.” 
“Hello.”
The giant of a man walked past his son into the other room, ignoring his son’s friend on the phone and getting a beer.
“What are you guys doing?” Dad asked returning to the living room.
“We’re taking my bikes to Deadman’s pond.”
Mr Wolcott sipped his drink, and gulped. “Don’t you mean Honeymooner’s pond?”
“It’s Deadman’s pond, dad.” Billy stared at the fireplace
Drink and gulp. “Now just because what happened happened doesnt mean we have to forget everything thats good. Changing names to dumb nicknames.”
The son paid little mind to his father, sidestepping towards the kitchen entrance. If he was on the otherside of the doorway he could make out whatever excuse Roger was currently feeding his father through the phone. 
“Billy.”
“What dad?” He turned and saw his father had sunk into the recliner.
“Don’t go out on the ice.” The almost empty drink swished in the can as Mr wolcott shook it, looking at it instead of his son. “Please.”
The blond boy clenched a fist, his ears hurting once again. Rebellion stirred inside of him, and as he thought of a million ways to declare his independance as a young man, Roger took his attention with a tap to the shoulder. 
“Let’s go. Dad says its cool.” Roger sped towards the front door. “Afternoon Mister Wolcott.”
“Afternoon Roger.” Replied the father, raising the can. “Say hello to the Reverend for me.” 
And with that, the boys went to the garage, fired up their dirtbikes, put on their goggles and rode them to the curb before taking a hard right,
Taking Billy’s road south lead to the kings highway, which split Catuvella downtown from its boonies and heartland, and ran from Orc Harbor to Seaside road. But the boys headed north, a few blocks to the right of the Wolcotts house, where the street came to an end at a cul-ve-sac, crowned by a dirt path walled by lobster traps stacked ten feet high. This path, dubbed the Root, bypassed some conservation forest and ran parallel to the old Catuvella cemetery before dumping the two boys down a steep but short cliff into the abandoned east-west railroad. 
Beside the browned and rusted steel tracks the boys flew. Billy up front in his yellow model, Roger tailing close in red, as close as he could without eating a mouth full of frosted debris and gravel. With 250cc the boys reached their destination rather quick, spotting the c-shaped ramp and revving down before entering it. The transition from dry dirt and gravel to sand and crushed leaves was smooth, and once they were over the hump and in Honeymoon forest they walked the last half mile before the pond. 
The heat of the engine and the excitement of riding distracted Billy from, among other things, how cold it was. He only realized the temperature when he wasn’t moving fast enough to see his breath fog in front of him. 
“Its cold.” He said aloud, enjoying the frigid air against his still-burning ears. “The ice will be thick when we get there.”
“Sweet.” Roger replied, lagging behind as he struggled to push the large machine. “Did you bring skates?”
“No.”
Crunching leaves and twigs underfoot, Billy enjoyed the serenity of the forest. His nerves calmed as the smell of rotting leaves and wet bark hit his nose. As the clearing where Deadman’s pond lay came into view, the aroma changed. Now the crisp smell of naturally frozen fresh water hit the boys nostrils, invoking visions of past hokey games at black pond. Finally reaching the sand-floored landing of the pond, they propped their bikes on kickstands, and walked on the ice. 
“This is nice.” Billy said, staring at the ice beneath his feet.
“I know!” Roger took his goggles off and shoved them in his pocket. “Fuck man, I wish we brought our skates. Its like perfect over here by the beach.”
“Yeah.” Billy’s thoughts shifted from the ice a to what lay beneath it. Not here where he stood but... somewhere else at that pond. “Lets keep walking.”
“Okay. We gonna measure the dimensions of the good stuff?” Roger pondered what sort of benefit he could make out from this trip. “Maybe we can come here in the weekends.”
“Yeah.” The blond boy was no longer thinking about hockey. “Maybe.”
He walked along the edge of the shoreline, tracing the kidney shaped body of water with roger flanking by his right, always close to the beach. He didn’t pay any mind to the short boy’s suggestions concerning goals, sidelines and whatever little tidbit about playing frozen pond hockey he came up with. No, Billy’s mind was focused on the bottom of that lake. Thinking, pondering, hoping that maybe as he traced the edge of that pond once or twice he would see what he was looking for. 
Instead, he was found by sad memories from last year. Of TV dinners hastily put together by his sobbing father. Of lonely bedtimes when there was noone to barge in and pester him with kisses and jeers until he fought them back for treating him like a kid. Of waking up in the morning, expecting everything bad from last night to have just been a bad dream, only to go down the stairs and remember that this nightmare was not one you could wake up from. 
Their third round walking the pond, Roger had given up on talking to Billy. Billy clearly wasn’t focused as focused on the same things Roger found important, like how to set up a penalty box that would give him and the larger kids an equal chance at scoring. 
But Roger was okay with that. 
He denied that it was one sided, but he had made a silent agreement to be Billy’s guide. So when Billy was not thinking about what was important, such as the intricacies of ice texture that affected how much resistance a puck had to a stick, Roger would be there to guide him.
So Roger put his hand on Billy’s shoulder, ready to say they should stop their fourth time walking the ice, When he heard something southwards.
Or Rather, someone.
By their bikes on the shore was a blood crimson truck that looked as old as sin. And standing behind its opened door was none other than the cream-furred rabbit Elizabeth Dagger. 
“Ah fuck.” Roger said, and he started towards the shore.
“Villiam Volcott, yu ar in trouble!” 
“Fuck off lady he’s busy!” Came Roger, trudging against the ice in earnest defense of his friend’s deep thought.
“Yu ar very rude!” She stepped forward, hands on her hips. “Ve have und agreement und yu ar breaking it!” 
“He’s not your fucking slave!” Roger yelled, not ten feet away from her. “Fuck off!”
“Schiesse yu ar vorse then him!” 
As his crush and his friend fought, Billy was on his knees, brushing the frost to peer into the depths below. Something down there had caught his eye, reflecting the light and glittering through the ice.
“Yu! Are! COVARD. UND. SCHIESSE!”
“You eat carrots because you can’t give blowjobs! With your BUCK! FUCKING! TEETH!”
“GUYS!” Billy yelled.  
The rabbit and the short boy stopped their fighting and looked to see Billy standing. “Stop fighting. I’m coming to work.”
Roger sighed a cloud of defeat while Elizabeth started for her truck.
Then, taking a step towards the shoreline, Billy heard a crack, and splashed through the ice without so much as a scream.
Instead Roger was the one to scream, falling to his knees and shaking.  “Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck.” He grabbed his face, wringing and messaging his cheeks with his fingers as thoughts of having lost his friend filled his mind. He pounded the sand where he knelt and cried.
Elizabeth saw Billy was gone over her shoulder, and started to run away from the shore.  
Beneath the ice Billy struggled, swimming against the roof hoping to bump into the hole he blundered into. But light was a cruel bitch underwater, and what seemed to be an exit was just another wall in that muddy darkness. He felt goosebumps all over his body as his clothes absorbed the lake. His throat aching for a breath of fresh of air. His fingers, cut and bruised from yesterdays box shenanigans, further ached as he pressed and shoved against the ice. As seconds past his cheeks felt like they were going to burst and his lungs screamed and all he could do as he sunk to the bottom was think an endless tide of terror and despair. 
Meanwhile, back on the shoreline, Elizabeth tied a rope from the hitch of her truck to herself. She mounted the closest dirtbike, Roger’s own red beast, and revved it to life. Positioning it before a soil-topped stump along the shore, she throttled forward and ramped off the stump to smash through the ice.
Exploding into the cold waters, the rabbit lady let the bike sink to the bottom and searched for the boy. She spotted him at the bottom, back flat against the mud, and ignoring all ideas that she was too late, grabbed him and hoisted him skywards. 
Roger watched as through the massive hole in the ice she created, Elizabeth emerged, Billy over her shoulder. 
She sluggishly brought herself onto the ice, walked back to shore, and then threw billy on the comparatively warmer sand. She ripped open the puffed flannel of his jacket and groped her paw-beans agaisnt his chest, pressing once, twice, three times before bring her lips to his and repeating the process. Finally, Billy coughed, and puked fresh water. 
“Oh mein gott...” She slapped a fist against his stomach, making him cough again. “Dont yu scare me like sat hever hagain.” 
Though he smiled, Billy didn’t care to say a word. Instead, he brought his clutched fist up to the rabbits face, brushing his knuckle against her furred-cheek, and then opened his hand to show her a small bronze ring inscribed with initials 'J.C.'

Chapter 6

Billy made a request after being resuscitated. “Pppp please don’t take me to my dad.”
And so they, freezing wet rabbit, freezing wet sophomore and dry freshman, chucked the one remaining dirt bike into the back of the sixty year old truck and piled into its cabin. Before diving a dirtbike into the frozen pond, Elizabeth had enough sense to turn the archaic vehicle’s heat on. And so the drive to reknowned furniture, while humid,  was at at least warm.
And quiet, except for the buzz of the ventilation. Roger offered a few comments on how his bike was treated but shut up once they were underway. 
Billy didn’t remember what the drive was like, other than bump-filled and so fast that it was possible they had violated the speed limit once or twice if not constantly. But they only stopped when they reached the back of renowned furniture. How he got into the bathtub was a blur. 
He spent at least an hour in it. To his side was Elizabeth, administering hot water into the tub in increments so as to slowly raise his temperature. Pressing against his forehead every now and then with her padded fingers. Making him feel pampered, fragile and in need of constant attendance, like a baby. And so when he was fully aware of this, he said “Aren’t you going to need a bath too?”
“Schiesse, I vas not in for as long as yu vere.” She tugged at the tuft of her on her chest. “Und I have fur.”
Then he noticed that she was in a new set of dry clothes, a blue skirt and a wifebeater. Without a bra, if he was correct in his judgment of those bumps along her chest.
And then he realized he was in no clothes beneath the water. 
With a splash he brought his legs to his chest and said “I think I’m fine now!”
The rabbit girl at first raised an eyebrow, muzzle dipping for a scowl. And then she stopped, and realized he wasn’t showing a lack of gratitude. 
And so she laughed, laughing as she stood up to head for the bathroom door. “Yur friend said he vas getting yu closses. I vil be right out ze door for yur privacy.”
“Thanks.” 
Billy puffed out his crimson cheeks and sighed. “Fuck me, why am I embarrassed?” he thought. “Wasn’t my end goal something like this? Now she’ll think of me like a kid. Or gay. Fuck.”
He raised his arm out of the tub and rubbed its porcelain exterior. Maybe she already thought of him like a kid. Undressing him and throwing him in the bath, feeling his forehead and all. All actions Billy felt were mother-like, on top of being kind and caring. 
Kind and caring. 
Past the door Billy could hear the sound of a microwave. Sounded just like the model at his house. 
She could’ve taken him home, he thought. Expose the chittering mess to his father and then once again he would feel the clap of the belt. 
But she didnt. She took him to her house, thawed him in her own private bathroom, and even gave him privacy when he asked. On top of rescuing him from certain death beneath the ice. 
As Bill looked around the bathroom, he felt a warmth in his heart. 
“I think I love her.” He whispered.
“So vat vere yu doing at sat pond?” Elizabeth yelled from the other room.
“What were you doing there?”
“I vas ze one asking se questions.” He heard the creaking of floorboards outside as she stepped closer to the bathroom. “I called yur house und talked to your faser und he said yu vere at sat pond.”
Billy slapped his forehead. Of course he wasn’t going to get off scot-free. He sighed before asking “How did you know where I was? Did my dad give you directions?”
It was her turn to sigh, barely audible with the distance between them. “It vas vere my foster faser died.”
“Mr Dovin-Basil?”
“Ja.”
Silence fell on the apartment, save for the drip of water from the bathroom faucet. 
“Hello?” Elizabeth broke the silence. “Ar yu svalloing vater?”
“Oh no I’m fine!” He splashed until some water smattered the tiled walls. 
“Stop splashing or I vill throw you back in the pond!” She hollered, making him chuckle. When his laughter died down, he had one more question.
“So this store specializes in selling your dad’s stuff?”
“Foster faser, ja.” 
“Cool.”
Silence again. Billy wondered how long until Roger would get back with some dry clothes. Maybe his wet clothes were drier now. He could wear them home, sneak past dad, get in pajamas before being noticed. Get warm under the covers and dream of a different opportunity to be naked in a bath with Elizabeth.
He fantasized different occasions with the lapine lass. And as the idea of marriage came up he kept thinking about proposing with a ring. A ring. The ring.
The ring that he found at the bottom of the pond. 
“Hey Lizzy.” He called, having come up with the nickname for her while daydreaming. “Do you have that ring?”
There was a clattering of paws against wood and what sounded like heavy boards. “Ja. Is in yur pocket vere I put it. But not for you to keep.”
Before he could ask what she meant by that, Billy heard Roger yelling at the top of his lungs.“Captain Wolcott, your relief has arrived.” 
The metal stairs clanged and the wooden floorboards creaked and then to the bathroom doorway came Roger. Onto the pink-tiled floor by the tub he tossed a couple pairs of paints and dress shirts. “Get dressed so we can escape this wenches’ clutches.” 
“Thanks Raj. Dad suspect anything?”
“Nah my dad wasn’t at home.” Roger said, sill standing in the doorway with his back to Billy. “And luckily neither were my brothers. Those clothes too tight?”
“I was talking about my dad. But no, they fit fine.” The blonde said, toweling off his head while in new garbs. “Get me my belt, will ya?”
“Sure.” The freshman walked away from billy’s view, yelling “Speaking of belts, I think we don’t have to worry about replacing yellow’s.” 
“Vil you turn yur voice down?” Spat the rabbit woman, standing in Roger’s face. He half expected her to smack him and raised his arms in defence. Only to feel the leather belt be placed in his hands.
“What happened to yellow?” 
As he listened to Roger relay the story of the dirtbikes fate in saving his life, Billy kept watch of Elizabeth. Sitting on the bed apst the spiral staircase, she was busy looking at something with a magnifying glass. Though she showed a lack of interest her apathetic frown became a slight smile. Perhaps of embarrassment, or out of pride, Billy couldn't tell. But it was a smile that he would like to see until the end of his days.
"But don't worry!" The freshman capped off his tale. "We still have red! Well still keep it at your house, and I'll ask for a new one my birthday. That cool?"
"Yeah." Not a single word had actually been understood by the sophomore. And Roger knew it by how little his friend spoke. So taking Billy’s shoulder, he pointed at the stairs and said “Its getting late, we should go.”
“Vait.” Dropping the magnifying glass into the pink covers, Elizabeth raised from her bed. “I vill give yu a ride home.” 
The boys didn’t turn down the offer. It was dark outside, and the old lights of the truck barely illuminated the road as they drove. Their first destination, Roger’s house, was at the east side of town along the bay, no more than a two minute drive.
 Light reflected off the shiny-black shutters as they pulled into the driveway. It was L-shaped, a white-washed whaling captain’s lodge. Bolted to its western face, a steel nameplate, with golden letters that read “Jebediah’s Redoubt.” 
Before Roger left the truck, Elizabeth made a quick announcement.
“Tomorrow, I vill need both of yu und any friends yu have for a serious task.” Her attention shifted from Roger to Billy. “Yu do sis, I vill consider it repayment for saving yur life und I vill forgive ze destruction of my property.”
“Deal!” Billy didn’t didn’t even wait to talk to Roger. He wanted nothing more than to get on the rabbit’s good graces. 
“Good.” 
Roger opened the door, waving goodbye to his friend and walking inside as slow as possible. Most polite people would have waited in the driveway for their guest to reach the door before leaving. Elizabeth reversed as soon as Roger was out of the truck, and headed for Billy’s house. Leaving the runt of the reverend to watch as his friend drove off with a strange rabbit. 
Said friend was absolutely enamored with the lapine. Leaning against the passenger window, he casually glanced and peaked at her before shifting focus to the road. His attention wasn’t on the physical beauty of her. Though there was plenty before him. How the shirt curved around her chest to confirm that she did indeed have a row of eight nipples. How the saphire skirt tightened against her thighs as she hit the gas. Little details he did note at the back of his head but weren’t what he deliberately thought.  Rather, he just imagined being the one to drive her next time, to be her personal chaffeur. 
When she looked right ways coming onto the rotary, Elizabeth noticed his stare. “Yu okay?”
“Oh yeah I’m fine.” Billy straightened his back against the leather seat. “I uh, ow you a lot, Lizzy.”
“Elizabeth.” She retorted.
“Elizabeth.” He said respectfully, heart fluttering as he thought about saying ‘I am forever grateful to you’ only to hold back. ‘Saying something like that isn’t cool.’ He chided himself. ‘I’m going to be cool. I’m going to be cool and that’s how she’ll love me.’
A right turn and a couple blocks of houses past and they reached Billy’s house. Dad was standing in the doorway, nursing a beer.
Taking a deep breath, He sauntered up to the truck, and opened the passenger-side door. “Go to bed.” Billy obeyed, first running a few steps, then stopping to wave at Elizabeth. With a weak but warm smile, Elizabeth waved back, and said “See yu tomorrow.” 
Then she addressed the boy’s father. “Thank yu for yur help. Ven he verks vith me tomorrow, he will have paid his dets.”
“Good.” Mr Wolcott closed the truck door and returned to his home, leaving her in silence. 
The silence carried on into her drive as she took the wrong turn at the rotary. A left here, a right there, casually getting lost down roads whose name she didn’t bother to read. It was all foreign to her, worth nothing more than resentment so long as she was stuck there. Forever unable to greet them again. Or give a proper goodbye. Or feel their warmth in a group hug. Or even see them, for even in the most intimate and important memories, their faces were nothing more than a cloud fading into nothingness. And until she saw them again would she never feel peace. 
Somehow in getting lost in her thoughts Elizabeth found her way back to the parking lot behind reknowned furniture. She walked around to the front entrance, the back door now boarded up. Once she was before her bed again, the rabbit woman collapsed onto the covers and sighed. 
Grabbing the magnifying glass and returning to her deep focus, Elizabeth thought about Billy. That despite all the trouble he caused, the boy could be a boon.
Turning over the bronze ring in her paws, Elizabeth whispered “Jetzt hast du deinen frienden."

By 10pm, Catuvella was asleep, her myriad of roads and passages tucked under darkness save for the black-steel streetlamps along main street and the more modern lights parallel to the king’s highway.
To drive at night down Seaside road, after going on the aforementioned streets, you would find no light. From its bustling residential zone, where every square inch was packed with cottage, mansion, resort or parking lot, to the mostly untouched conservation of Webb’s causeway. The town slept.
Though some parts more than others, such as on Webb’s island. Where the weather dome stood over the treetops, her interior abandoned though exterior not forgotten by everyone. At day it was a landmark, the last man-made building seen by every fishing ship and clamming skiff before they exited Orc harbor. At night, it was the preferred hiding spot for Catuvella P.D.’s own Officer Williams. 
In his cruiser he slept much like how he did winter nights before. Bundled in blankets, with the heater blasting and the seat reclined. This was his self-imposed vacation, a gift for working so hard in the summer dealing with drunk teens and lost foreigners during the AM. An easy shift where nothing disturbed him.
And then he heard it. 
Thunk. 
Thunk.
Officer Williams opened his eyes and brushed aside crumbs. He didn’t see anything out of his windshield. 
Thunk.
Thunk. 
He turned the keys on his car, and then blasted his brights. Every tree in the forest ahead of him was illuminated. 
But he didn’t see anyone.
Thunk.
Thunk.
The policeman took a deep breath and reached for his radio. “Dispatch, Dispatch this is Officer Williams.”
“Williams, this is dispatch, come back.” The radio cracked.
“Yeah I took a detour to Webbs for a leak, and heard a strange noise.” He said, eyeing the building to the right of his car. “Possible trespassers in the abandoned weather station. Going to kick them out, over.” 
“Roger that. Dispatch standing by.” 
And so Williams threw off his blankets, opened his car door and started for the dome. He didn’t feel it necessary to lock the car. What idiot kid tresspasser would be willing to commit a felony?
Thunk. Thunk.
Again came that noise, this time in rapid succession. Just when he was standing before the weather station’s entrance. Williams reached for his pistol, a Colt m1911 with a flashlight attachment. Turning on the flashlight, he also maintained the safety as he stepped through the rotting passage. 
 His nasal cavities filled with snot as they adjusted to the musky interior. Thought it was dark the flashlight revealed that nothing much was really inside. There was grass growing through the moss-covered hardwood floor. A rusted white desk was turned on its side beneath the stairway leading to the dome. A wooden beam, nibbled on by termites he could probably see if he stepped closer, hung down the middle of the ceiling. 
Thunk. Thunk.
Williams pointed his gun skyward. The noise was coming from the next floor up. He was sure that it was just a kid or two messing with him though. “Hello? This is the police.” He sidestepped closer to the stairs as he yelled. “You’re trespassing on condemned property. Don’t make me come up there.” 
Truth be told he didn’t want to go up there. The wood of the stirs was rotting and in some places gonee, just the metal under frame remaining. 
Then the noise came again.
Thunk Thunk Thunk. 
And this time he felt like that was an acknowledgment of him, teasing him, even intimidation. Whoever was up there was challenging the officer. 
So Williams climbed the stairs. Slowly, taking each step bit by bit, keeping his pistol trained upwards. He didn’t dare turn off the safety. A negligible discharge at best towards a kid? Or worse, a harmless animal? 
Nothing was in front of the stairs at the top. Noone was peering over the side. There wasn’t even a telescope or whatever he thought went in a dome like this. 
So, three steps from the top and seeing naught but the bolts and beams making the weather dome, Officer Williams breathed a sigh of relief. “Must’ve been the wind or... or a woodpecker.” 
He started down the stairs, and then he heard it.
Thunk.
And then the stair beneath his foot gave way.
He slipped downwards, through the board, rght before his stomach caught in the wood.
“FUCK.” He yelled, his pistol dropping. In the dark he struggled, heaving and kicking without any vision as the flashlight pointed at the door.
Then, the steps in front and ahead of him between which he was stuck, also broke. 
He landed on his ass, smacking against the desk, which surprisingly maintained his weight though groaning.
“For fucks sake.” Williams cursed , stepping off the abandoned furniture and rubbing his ass. 
Thunk thunk.
He picked up  his pistol and made a quick egress out of the building, before stopping to catch his breath.
“All that for nothing but ass pains.” The officer said, tapping the side of his pistol flashlight. It flickered, and then died. “And a broken flashlight.”
The pistol was holstered, a deep breath was taken, and the cop walked back to his car. 
Thunk.
Thunk.
THUNK. 
It was right behind him. Williams spun on his heel, hands on his pistol, only to freeze.
Standing before him, reeking of sea water and dead fish, the long overcoat of a naval captain of yore. Seaweed hung from a mud-drenched tricorn, reaching past its shoulders in a cruel aquatic imitation of human hair. And under that hat, amongst the briny tangle of red weed, the head of a feline, fur and skin missing from its muzzle to reveal ghost white bone and teeth.
“Hello laddie.” Its words, her words for the voice was distinctly female albeit husky, seemed to ooze out. Like the last gurgles of a drowning victim. “Don’t be afraid.” 
She walked right up to the human’s face, still frozen in fear. She raised her right hand up to caress his cheek, and he realized it wasn’t claws scratching him. For what reflected the light of his cop car was nothing more than the corroded remains of a three pronged clamming rake, crudely attached to her hand as a make shift prosthetic.
“Why don’t we go for a swim?”
Minutes later, against the hum of the engine and the sounds of a man being dragged through the woods, the cruiser radio barked “Williams, Williams, this is dispatch. Come back, over.”
“Williams, Williams, this is Dispatch. Come back, over.”
“Williams?”

Chapter 7 

“Yeah, I didn’t sleep at all last night.” Yawned Roger. His exhale became a swirling cloud that evaporated as he walked through. “It was like, every cop car in town was driving by my house last night.” 
“Was it the rabbit lady?” Frank eyed the furniture store, worry plastered across his face. “Did she rat us out?”
The signal to cross lit up, and Billy shoved his two friends forward into the street. “No. Come on, we can’t be late.” 
Frank stopped in the middle of the road and looked over his shoulder. Behind him was nothing but a wall of fog and the sidewalk he left. “Is she blackmailing you? Is that why you’re in a hurry to get to her?”
“No, I’m repaying her.” Billy grunted, waving his friend on. “...with your help.” 
“So she is blackmailing us.” The tall boy pulled at his dreadlocks, chuckling with guilt. “She’s hopping mad!”
 A truck honked as the frost-glazed crossing light started to flicker. The highschoolers hastily traversed the king’s highway, and then main street onto the sidewalk that lead to their destination. Far to the east, the Episcopal church wasn’t visible, blocked by fog. 
 “I think Frank’s got a point.” Roger rubbed his baggy right eye. “By holding our team captain hostage, we have no choice but to help.”
“I’m not a hostage.”  The blonde whirled to glare at his friends, his gold-haired unibrow scrunched in a scold. Roger and Frank stepped back, the shortest of the two mumbling “Fuck, why so angry?” 
The team captain stopped and took a deep breath and rubbed his head. “...I just want to clear my name, alright?”
“Alright man, glad you’re being transparent.” Frank punned, though noone chuckled. Instead Roger talked.
“What if we don’t like what she asks?” 
“I wont make you guys do it, then.” Billy replied.   
“What if that’s her plan?” The tall boy eyed a starling as it perched on an overhung gutter. “Give us impossible tasks, and then she’ll keep you forever? You know what that is?”
His two friends paused to look at him.
“A hare-brained scheme.”
Then he received a fusillade of punches to the shoulder among some laughs.  Wiping a tear from his eye, Roger looked across the street. “Where’s Mikey?” 
“I don’t know, man.” Bill said, opening the rime-coated door to renowned furniture. “He said his parents would be home tonight, so he should be here.”
Once everyone was within the dark building, Billy continued. “Even if he’s a no show, we’ll be fine. We’ll be able to do the job.”
To his friends, this was the first time they had seen the dark interiors of the store. In the short time since it was last dusted new cobwebs seemed to have popped up in every corner and a fresh blanket of grime had settled on every surface. Worse, at least in Franks eye’s since it made him want to leave, the room wasn’t lit by any of the studio lights overhead. 
Bright, flickering light was pouring out from the third floor. It reflected off the bronze locks and steel handles and flax-lined novels walled on the bookcases. Giving the intramural a smoggy, orange hue. 
“Elizabeth?” Called Billy as the three boys walked between the walls of knicknacks. There was no response. 
A book caught Roger’s eye, a turquoise whale imprinted on its side. He stepped aside and pulled it out, the cover reading “The history of -”, its topic scratched out from the leather binding long ago. Flickering through the pages revealed shoal maps off the coast of Catuvella, underwater topography, and diagrams of lighthouses, light ships and bouys.
At the foot of the spiral staircase Billy called again. “Elizabeth?”
Frank looked over Roger’s shoulder. “Is that a nipple?”
“Label says deck prism.” 
“Guys, fuck off.” Interjected Billy. “She wouldn’t want you-”
“Scheisse, boy, vy so hangry?” 
From the top of the staircase descended Elizabeth, candle in hand. Garbed in a loose grey dress which slid down the steps like flowing water, she walked slowly. Bill felt his heart burn as he stared at her, fantasizing how well she’d look in a wedding dress.
“Sorry.” spoke the lapine lass. “Ze door repairman came und sey vanted electric locks und sey popped a fuse und now I have to use candles.
While his blonde friend was busy with an open mouth, Roger spoke with indignation. “Hey lady, what’s with the dress?”
“It came with ze candles.” She passed Billy and asked “Are sey avare vere sey are?”
“Huh?” was all the boy could say, tripped up by her wording and accent. 
Brushing him aside, she swayed her hips as she walked towards Roger. The short boy was dumbstruck, not by her beauty but how strange she looked up close in the dark. 
“Sis...” She snatched the book out of his hands and closed it. “is mein foster faser’s, Mister Dovin-Basil.”
Frank peaked up, whispering. “Wait, wasn’t that...” He took an elbow to the ribs from Roger, who coughed a “yes.” 
The rabbit lady continued, walking back to the leader of the pack. “Mein Foster Faser collected hartifacts from as long ago as Vebb’s village.” 
Then she held up her hand-paw, showing off the bronze ring labeled “J.C.” on her finger. “Sis vas ze last sing he showed me before his deas, und I sink it vas himportant enough to him he vore it to his deas.” 
Carefully, sliding the ring up her digit and past the little pink paw pad tip, Elizabeth held it up to the light. “Hold out yur hand.” 
Billy did so, and clasping the circlet in his caloused palm, the rabbit gave her mission. 
 “I vant yu to rebury sis ring vith mein foster foser.”
He ever carefully put the ring in his breast pocket as The lapine lass turned and started up the stairs. “I vill change now.”
The ring in a protected spot, Billy scratched his chin. “You know what, maybe we are going to need Mikey.”
“I’m not doing it.” Declared Roger. “This goes against my beliefs.”
“Oh come on Raj!” The blonde was angry again. “We have the dead’s relatives permission.” 
“It’s sacrilege to desecrate body after it’s been buried!” The short boy looked around the store, nervous. “Also, you said if we didn’t want to do it, you wouldn’t make us.”
“Yes. We, as in You,the team that aren’t the captain.” He pointed at both his friends. “You have to decide democratically.” 
“We didn’t agree to that.” The freshman spoke a high pitched voice, meaning to sound distraught but coming off like a whine.
“Well that’s how we dealt with similar shit.” Billy was in Roger’s face. 
“Well I say no.” Roger straighted his back and grit his teeth before looking at the third of the group. “Frank?”
“Uhhhhhh.” It was his turn to look around the room and shake his knees. “I don’t really dig grave robbing, buuut...”
“HAH!” spat Roger to his team captain, making the blond clench his fist. 
“But I don’t want to not to do it, otherwise we get snitched on.”
In the floor above ,Elizabeth hummed a tune as she folded the dress. She enjoyed listening to the drama below, chuckling as she purred “Ihn’n zum spott und zum verdross...” 
“Oh so you’re just gonna play the middle?” 
“Back off Roger, its his right.” 
The two friends were squaring off, fists clenched at their sides though noone raised or shouted. Frank stepped between them, arms raised, and said “Why don’t we just let Mike be the tie breaker.” 
“Deal” was said simultaneously, and then the boys took deep breaths and watched the door. 
The avoidance of a fight was appreciated by Billy. The vice had started to tighten around his brain, and he didn’t want to risk losing his cool in front of a girl.
 The girl. 
Elizabeth was more than just some girl to him at this rate. And he wouldn’t let himself be dragged down, especially not by one of his insubordinates.
Insubordinates. He repeated the word in his head, wondering “Why..?”
Then Mikey walked through the door, and Billy’s brow was furled again. “shit.”
“Sorry!” Chided Mikey as he held the glass door open. In ran four little gingers, the eldest not even six years old. Agnes was her name, and she grabbed Frank’s dreadlocks until he screeched. While five year old Aileen kicked the tall boy’s shin until he fell over. Aran, who wasn’t yet four ran after Roger, begging for piggy back rides. While three year old Angel laughed, watching Roger hop a top the store desk to escape the little menace. Then Angel saw Billy’s frown, and started to cry. 
“Agnes! Get off mikey! Aileen, I will spank you!” Mike started for the two nuisances, then reversed to pick up the sister that was crying. “My parents had to drive to fucking Bristol for a union meeting last minute.” 
The blonde boy put his hands in his pocket and raspberried to let off steam, causing Angel to chuckle.
“Its alright Mike. You down to go grave robbing?”
“Fuck yeah,  so long as it keeps them busy.” 
“Thats unfair!” Yelled Roger, Aran jumping in front of him with arms raised. “Your violating my first amendment! This is tyranny of the majority!” 
His statements weren’t addressed as Billy lifted up Aileen by the arms. “Hey you little thing!” He said in a cheery tone. “Do you want to learn how to use a shovel?”
She answered by kicking him in the spleen. 
“All-lee!” Yelled the redheaded boy, his voice coming out hoarse. 
A weird noise came out of Billy’s throat, and he dropped the girl. She landed on her feet and returned to kicking Frank. Mike exchanged the crying girl for the kicking one, the former standing over Billy and continuing to sob. 
“All-lee! Do you want me to spank you? I will put you in the corner!” The older brother of the sisters was now turning red. “Agnes! Get! Off! My! Friend! Aran! Get away! All of you are going to bed without dinner when we get home!” 
Between groans of pain coming from both him and his dreadlocked friend AND Mike’s wrath, Billy almost didn’t notice that the girls had shut up. Even the crying angel had ceased her mewls. 
“ YU VILL NOT TALK TO SEM LIKE SAT!” 
Elizabeth had entered the fray, walking down the stairs in red plaid pajama pants and a t-shirt. With a multi-bra, Billy noticed. 
“Excuse me?” The red head boy planted his once-kicking sister on the ground. He was completely unphased by the fact he was now yelling at an anthro rabbit in pajamas. “These are my sisters, I am watching them and that means I need to lay down the law when they misbehave.” 
“ Yu do not no how to deal vis younger sisters!” 
The girls, all four of them including Aran who ran around the spiral staircase, surrounded Elizabeth, seemingly mesmerized by her presence. 
“I’d like to see you do better!”
Sitting on his knees watching the events unfold, Billy had an idea. 
“Hey! Stop!” He brushed his coat off and picked up the littlest sister, Angel. Walking to the rabbit lady, he rocked the girl in hand gently. “Why don’t you ignore what my friend said, and have a proper introduction?”
Elizabeth looked at the littlest girl, her nose twitching slightly. The little ginger smelled just like applesauce. 
“Thats Aignes, Aileen, Aran...” The boy struggled to properly hold the toddler, instead leaning towards the big bunny as if making an offer. “And this angel.”
The girl’s eyes met, Elizabeth’s pupil’s like pinpricks. Angel, looking over the furry lady like a new toy, pulled her thumb out of her mouth and said “Wabbit!”
Aran yelled, Elizabeth hopped, then Agnes and Aileen joined, and again Elizabeth was startled into jumping. Her ears twitched as the sisters raised their hands, asking for uppies, huggsies, pettsies and whatever the kid’s babbled. The rabbit seemed caught in a trap, standing absolutely still as if inside her mind was wedged between two courses of action. Before she was even able to identify what she was thinking, Billy coughed and got a little closer asked “Can you please look after them?” 
Her mouth went agape, showing off her buck teeth. “I...I...”
“Please.” Now he had put Angel right in her face, causing the rabbit’s ears to shake. “If you can watch them, we can get the job done tonight.” 
Silence. All the Callaghan sisters had their lips closed, and focus on Elizabeth. She looked at them, biting her lip. When her gaze met Angel’s, she reflexively offered to take her, to which Billy obliged.
“Vell...” Her mind raced to come up with an excuse. But, to be back in that position, going through familiar motions, like in good times of the past. All doubts ceased as she looked into the green eyes of those little girls.
“I vill do it.”
And once more the candle-lit room was filled with chaos. The little girls all bugged Elizabeth, tugging at her pajamas, poking her tail, hopping with their hands raised as if to grab her ears. And Angel laughed as Elizabeth struggled to verbally discipline them. “Stop! Down! Dont tug mein pants! No! Ach!”
Billy enjoyed the show, though he stepped back slowly to avoid any unwarranted attention. He was content, soaking in the inspiration for a mental image that he was still not necessarily okay with. But, a cute one none the less.
Mike, a weight lifted off his chest, sighed a sigh of relief and took a seat on the floor. Roger, feeling safe at last, speed walked past the horde of girls, careful not to touch any and receive their fury once more. Frank got up and pretended nothing happened, though he pointed a finger at Roger. “You’re coming?”
The short boy rubbed behind his ears. “I told my dad this was a job, and I don’t want to piss him off thinking I was lazy and got fired.”
Coming up behind Billy tapped Roger’s shoulder. “If it makes you feel any better, I have the same excuse.”
“Me too.” Said Frank. “Hey Miss Eliza, since we’re all doing this job for you does that mean we’re hired?”
The rabbit girl looked upwards as she rocked two girls in her arms. “Schiesse, does sat mean I have to pay all of you?” Her voice seemed filled with genuine worry, but she said it with a shit-eating grin. “Go dig up Dovin-Basil. Ze grave is located in ze middle of ze old cemetery.”
The boys funneled out the exit, With Billy hesitating on his way to leave. He watched as the girls, starting to come to terms that Elizabeth was not, in fact, a giant toy but another adult in their lives, began to mess with her stuff. Pulling books, shuffling chairs, climbing atop dangerously stacked furniture. “Schiessse! Stop! No! Bad!” Gripping Angel in her arms, Elizabeth glanced at him. “Everysing okay?”
“Yeah.” The boy muttered with a dumb smile across his face. 
“Come on Billy!” Yelled Roger, who had already crossed mainstreet. 
“Sen I vill see you later.”
Billy raised his hand, a slight desire to stick around and help her with the Callaghan girls. “Goodbye.”
She didn’t say goodbye back, her hand taken by Agnes as she pointed at something in the back and babbled a question. 
He watched her fade into the near-darknesss with the girl, and then he was out the door. 
