BE PREPARED 
>Be Prepared, its the motto of a good scout
>But you don't know how you could have prepared for this
>your girlfriend just left you three days before your big trip together to the mountains 
>you've been planing this thing for months! you got time off work, researched your routes and even the flora and fauna of the area, you had everything planned out.
>you got a whole week off work, EVERYTHING, everything was planed out even the ring that was still stashed deep in your pack so she wouldn't find it by accident. 
you        had          everything        planed         out. 
>just not this.
but you are a scout, and outdoors man! you love the untamed wilderness, so you stuck to your plan and headed out alone. thinking maybe a week in the mountains without human contact could do you a lot of good. 

>you were on the tail end of your trek instead of at peas or connected with nature you just felt lonely couldn't help but think about Samantha crying yourself to sleep in your self imposed isolation
>Things had taken a turn for the worst, whilst descending from náshdóítsoh mountain you rolled your ankle the splint only doing so much to ease the pain. 
>you are miles from the closest suitable campsite, its getting dark and to make matters worse it appears your being stocked by a large predictor as all the birds have gone silent and its been a heck of a long time seance you've seen one of those mountain varmints. 
>you are limping your way across the long mountain ridge its mostly shale rock up here 
>you don't know what it is that is stocking you are quite a few large predators that live in this region, you go through the list

get ready your gonna learn today! 
	(all information presented in this section is factual to the best of the writers extensive knowledge of the subject)
>brown bear, black bear, cougars, and the gray wolf as you remember was recently reintroduced into this area, all for are known to stalk people  


>brown/grizzly bear are huge and your not sure even a .357 would put one down for sure and the claws will just tare you apart

>black bear are just more common and responsible for most human attacks, that is your most likely culprit

>cougars are ambush predictors if one is stocking you, you wont know it till its too late, if you see a cougar your probably safe, its the one you don't see that will rip your thought out when you least expect it.

>the gray wolf are pack hunters the pack will encircle the pray. one will draw the attention of the pray animal. 2 other pack members attack from its blind spots, bringing it to the ground and clamp the neck suffocating the pray

>you also recall that the best cores of action in the unlikely event you encounter a cassowary or mob of emu is to pray at least according to your Australian friend and you don't think he was kidding. 


all don't seem like a good thing to run into on this ridge with the night swiftly approaching
in the failing light you pull out your head lamp to guide your way through the night, and continue on towards a stand of trees.
you turn when you hear some rocks shifting behind you to see two small yellow orbs staring back at you from just beyond the reach of your flashlights, then there gone. at least you know what it is now.

>you begin to back away from where you saw the eyes appear, and continue to limp towards the stand of trees hoping to find some refuge in the woods. 
>that's when you hear the shale shift behind you closer this time you turn to see the same yellow reflective eyes from before much closer this time and you see the outline of the big cat that had been stocking you all this time
>remembering your Australian friend, you offer quick prayer to whatever God will listen and you spring into action.
1. stand your ground
2. look big: you pull your pack, and arms up over your head trying to look as big and intimidating as possible 
3. make sure it knows you see it, you lock eyes with the beast and bear your teeth in the hopes you can look like more trouble then your worth to the big cat.
you watch in wonder and amazement as the eyes start to rise, up and up well past your own height...
you hear from the dark a deep but feminine voice 
>"your a big guy"
your not, well not particularity standing at just under 6ft and stand nearly one foot below her
it steps forward more fully into your lamp's light you can now see all of her? 
your still not sure what you are looking at, the first thing you see are her large almond shaped eyes a brilliant golden color, a large flat feline muzzle and rounded triangular ears, whit fur around the lower jaw the rest a sandy brown two large but perky breast lie on her chest. her arms end in large paws just a little smaller then your head, looking closely you can see her large mitts do indeed have thumbs
she has a slim whist and hips shes standing on two digitigrade hind paws.
she was most definitively a mountain lion but no cougar having the appearance of a woman maybe in her 20s and 7 foot tall
you blush slightly seeing the naked "woman" adverting your eyes from her ore privet areas

"i can see you like my eyes,you know your eyes are quite entrancing as well and your teeth are just adorable, most people have run by now she says with a smile "its good that you've managed to stay put, I'd hate to have to HUNT you down" a devilish feral smile crosses her face "not that it would be too hard judging by your limp" she continues  chuckling at the end taking another step towards you
"if your hungry Ive got plenty of food in my pack why don't i just cook som..." you begin but are cut off by a change in her determiner as 
you say cook 
that's a lie, your on the tail end of your hike only meals for three days remanding
"come on food" she interrupts
>she scoops you up into an over-the-shoulder carry not even bothering to let you remove your pack

"i would let you walk but that limp makes you look too tasty" she teases... you hope
cant argue with that and allow yourself to being carried 
she soon deposited you on the ground in a clearing near a small overhang that contains some bedding, a pile of bones is also present 
she stares at you expectantly "well cook" she adds intentionally
a meal of freeze dried spaghetti seemed the most appropriate, also its super easy... and you set about preparing the meal starting with your rocket stove roars to life once lit bringing your water to a boil in minutes 
Nash is starring inquisitively at your cooking
making idle conversation whale you cook

thinking your not quite sure what to call the big cat 
"so you got a name, something i can call you?"
no response but she looks thoughtful? 
"im anonymous, but you can call me anon for short" 
"I'd prefer that to food" you continue
she smiles slightly at the jab,
"Náshdóítsoh- uh you can call me Nash"  
the name vaguely rings a bell in your mind
you ask a question that's been bugging you
"so how did you lean to talk?"
Náshdóítsoh looks back at you with confusion and defensively responds "dose it mater?"
"guess not'' you think your mind wonders briefly but you decide not to press the issue, maybe later

idly returning to your task you pore the now boiling water into the pasta bags and set them aside
your new friend makes her way over to you, smelling the re-hydrating pasta and eyeing it hungry then to you with a disturbingly slimier gaze. she takes a seat just behind you
absent mind-idly kneading her big for-paw/hands along your back stretching her fingers and claws out 
your alarmed at first but she doesn't seem to be harming you and it actually feels quite nice aside the occasional scratch, your also in no position to protest 

eventually the noodles soften and are ready to eat, the back rubbing however has done quite the opposite to your noodle.
ensuring the Nash is satisfied you give her 3 servings, leaving one for yourself, after briefly demonstrating how to use a spoon she plunges the utensil into the hot bag of pasta then into her mouth. her eyes go glassy for a split second and she lets off a quiet moan 
"mmmm, your cooking is good, food, i should keep you around" Nash murmurs between bites
"has anyone cooked for you before?" you ask ignoring her refuels to use your name
"no, first time" she responds stuffing her face with more pasta
you and her finish your meals in relative silence her stomach slightly dissented from the meal
she gets up abruptly and drags you into the small cave, your just able to snatch your sleeping bag as you pass your pack she pushes you into the back of the small overhang lying across the entrance blocking your escape
who are you kidding with your ankle the way it is your not going anywhere fast
she cutlets up agents you 
you reach your hand out towards the big cats head, bruising agents one of her ears she initially pull away from the touch but soon renters leaning into your hand allowing you to pet her large soft ears 
as you pet her head the purring returns, at least you think its purring, sounding closer to a lawnmower starting up then a cat
the purring cat lulls you to sleep at some point in the night you removed the splint you had on your ankle and covered the two of you in your open sleeping bag

you awaken alone burred in your sleeping bag, hiding from the cool morning air, in the in the lions den its still early the sun just peaking out over the mountains. 
you start getting up,  tentatively putting some of your weight on your foot, nope! a wave of pain washes over you waking you up better then that cup of instant coffee you were about to make would
crawling instated you make your way out of the den over to your the improvised kitchen you made the night before your camp stove and kettle still set up start warming up a pot of water... Samantha always needed coffee to wake up...
you sit there while the water begins to boil feeling sorry for your self when Nash returns three large varmints hanging from her large teeth she deposits them in-front of you
"cook food!"

All the prompting you need and begin to "cook food" cleaning, gutting and skinning the roadies and preparing a small cooking fire 
Nash is enthralled by your cooking of the rodents 
"whats that for?" Nash ask gesturing to the now boiling pot of water 
"uh.. you" is all you say poring the hot liquid into a cup you briefly consider your options for the big cat, you have packets of instant coffee, hot chocoholic and apple cider in your bag, remembering an discussion you had on an Mongolian basket weaving forum , you pull a packet of cider out of your bag and dump the continence into the cup of water, thinking it least likely to kill a cat
she takes the cup and laps up the warm liquid with her long tongue tentatively at first then more eagerly, eventually liking the cup clean
the rodents are ready and you give two to the hungry cat keeping one as to not seem rude 
you take a bite, and are surprised by how good it actually is the spices from your kit paring well on the fire roasted rodent meat
Nash, clearly satisfied by the meal you've created, she scooches over to you lying down with her head in your lap

"could you do the thing anon" she prompts once conferrable
racking your brain for the "thing" you begin petting her head with one hand 
Nash leans in and closes her eyes clearly this is the "thing"
your other hand finds itself guided by a meaty paw along her midsection
"like this?" you ask just as she begins purring responding with a simple node 
your hand explores her tone stomach, finding four unexpected nubs hidden under white fur, it takes you a few seconds before the realization of your discovery dawns on you.
nipples, this theory is confirmed by a Nash's face taking on a distinctive red hue as she blushes under her fur
shit your hard as a rock luckily it appears she hasn't notice
she seams incapable of speech when purring so you just sit and pet the cat in your lap enjoying your small fire slowly die down and are lulled to sleep by the purring cat. 
you wake up with a start, the sun now on your back, on the opposite side of your little valley
you must have sleeping here all day with the cat.
sudden realization hits you as you reach for the back of your neck feeling the all too familiar heat of a sunburn
worth it


your movement seems to have woken the Nash who is now sitting up 
taking this opportunity to stand and rummage through your pack
Nash stretches looks to you seeing your slight limp she licks her lips hungry
a small bottle of Aloe Vera fished from your bag, applying the cool jell the your neck. 
you adjust your gate hiding the limp and Nash frowns slightly getting up and walking to you
"so whats for dinner?" 
"not sure you going to bring back some more rodents?"

your stomach rumbles but not with hunger... 
"excuse me"
garbing the trowel and toiletry kit from your pack before heeding for a thicket of trees
Nash moves to follow you out 
"i need some alone time"
worry washes over Nash's furred face
"to do some...business"
"I'll be back soon"
understanding washes over her face 
she lets you go, leaving the camp in the opposite direction 
you walk off finding a thicket of trees, dig and filling a small cat hole... this took, much longer then you anticipated and 
its gone from twilight to dark  
something feels off as you pull out a flashlight making your way back to the den

you enter a small clearing
and something seams vary off, you realize you cant hear any birds
Predictor in the area 
must be Nash... 

aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhwwwwwwoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
														(NOT NASH!)
				awwoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooao									awoooooooo
		awwwwwooooooooooooooooooooooo					aaaawwooooooooooooooooooo
						awwwoooooooooooooooooooooooooo
	awooooooooooooooo  ahhhho ahhhho ahhhwwwoooooooooooo
FOUND HIM!             found him? 		smell him		where is he?			something else!									
	where?	 	something else? 	over here!	 	i smell cat!				found him?        cat?                found him!
	our prize!		where? 		here!		i see him	over here				here!		there
i see him! 					here?				cat?		i see him 	no cat!								there
no cat!			i see him	our prize!		i see him
shush! 	 quiet		shush.   	 i see him!				 quiet, shhoosh!
(rustling)

whispered words erupting from all around you the dense foliage and hard to pick out a single voice or detection instead the voices seem to be coming from everywhere and nowhere at once
then silence 
you probe your surroundings  with your flashlight green orbs appearing out of the darkness as you move the beam of light, one set, two, another, its hard to count them, thy are many	
one steps out of the foliage a gray wolf standing at 5'5'' her eyes glowing brightly in your flashlights beam. 
lean and completely nude (like Nash) covered in gray fur a confident smile adorning her muzzle. 
she slowly approaches her eyes locked on you her head and tail high and dominant shes about to say something
your struck by two furry body taking you to the florist floor 
more wolves emerge slowly from the underbrush as the two on top position them selves 
straddling you one on your whist the other sitting across your chest, back to back pinning you to the ground
your light passes across her assets she makes no effort to hide anything her small breast and a fortune cookie in full view
the pack gets riled up once more 
me first 	no me		i smelled him first!	 im going first 	
i saw him first!	seed!	waiting yur tern! 	well we caught him! 
alpha first! 		need him!	you'll get the scraps! 		alpha first!
		alpha! 			alpha speak!
it takes "alpha" a considerably more time to calm the rest of the bickering pack
"don't worry we don't intend to harm you"
she begins to monologue
"oh no far from it! you may actually enjoy, it i know we will"
the she-wolf moves closer standing directly over you giving you a better view of her nether regions as she began to lower her self down onto your face

the three gray wolves that pin you the the ground are taken out by a blur of tan fur shooting down from a nearby tree
Nash stands head and shoulders over the other wolves feral rage emanating from her eyes her ears flat to her head, 
fierce, claws out her large teeth bared she was crouched low but still taller then the tallest of them 
"MINE!" she roars 
its all she says
its all she has to
the wolves back off running off into the surrounding woods Nash almost follows with murderous intent 

Instead she rushes to your side the intelligence sparkle returning to her eyes, then concern
"ohmygod are you ok?"
"i think so... thanks for the save, im not sure what thy... actuality i have a pretty good idea"
she grabs your hands with her own hosting you to your feet
"icameover as soon as i herd the howling-"
you kiss her on the lips
"Mine" you wispier
rotating your hand in hers interlocking your fingers in her meaty mitts
her face going red in your lamp light 
warping you in her tail, she kisses you back, this time her tongue pushes into your mouth the sandpaper like texture invading your smooth mouth, you of course return in kind sliding your own tongue past her alarmingly sharp teeth.
the two of you stand there in the clearing for what feels forever exploring the oral cavity of the other
Nash's tongue retreats back within her own muzzle braking off the kiss

"first time?" you ask awkwardly filling the dead air with a question
"yes, first time" she responds but there is more you just have to push a little harder...
"kissing?" you press
she looks away before returning her eyes to you
"yes, kissing but everything else too, first time, i saw you, first time i stand on two legs, first time I think, I knew words, could speak, eat cooked food, been petted, felt good, everything is new and exiting now..." she trails off "now, I've met you Anon"
"before we meet i was just hungry, and boy did you look good, i saw you fall you know" 
you somehow did
"that limp, your injury... made you look so good, tasty, easy, too easy so i followed, stocked until night fall hunger, instinct drove me close until i saw you looked into your eyes, determined, injured, but still standing your ground, tall and prod! then something changed i felt different hunger for you not for your flesh, but a deeper hunger" she trails off 
"well I'm glad you didn't eat me"
"i still could" Nash adds with a smile showing off her teeth

the two of you return to the den, where most of a durr is waiting for you
"i got hungry waiting for you so i thought I'd pick up dinner"
you stare at the bites taken out of the round
"i got hungry" she repeats flatly
figures, you chuckle getting our your Mora knife once again and begin to dress the deer cutting out different cuts of meet paying special attention to the back strap
you also send Nash off to collect fire wood, you'll need a much bigger fire to cook this
as difficult as spit roasting an entire deer is, you have excellent help
its late by the time the food is ready but its well worth it you eared meany eager complements from Nash who eats until her stomach is visibly distended and clearly satisfied
despite that it still looks like you'll have enough for breakfast, and still some after that, Nash stores the hide and meet in a tree for safe keeping

the two of you sit, cuddling next to the fire letting it burn down as Nash first cleans the remains of the meal from her paws
then she begins cleaning you, having a little grease on your face, she goes to lick it clean
from your face to your hair, down your neck, you have to remove your shirt and she licks down your back and around to your chest
you must taste really good you think to yourself.
you also note that whatever it is has got her motor running as she purrs quietly
once she begins on your chest you begin petting her large head paying special attention to her ears and muzzle whale she continues to clean you
Nash purrs approvingly
her ruff tong works its way down until it is denied by your pants, 
not for long you think removing both layers of cloths leaving you fully exposed in the cool night air

she pushes you onto your back 
she starts licking your balls, then working her way up your shaft until shes reached the tip, she then takes your full length into her wide muzzle raking the length with her large teeth while she works your shaft with her rough tongue, soon bringing you past your limits unloading into her mouth
working her own hole/slit with one large pawed hand the other supporting herself 
continuing to pet her with your other hand
after your release Nash switches position, scooting forward until the two of you are face to face
you grab the support hand intermingling her large fingers helping to support the large cat 
you sit up from the ground pulling the big cat into a kiss, taking a bit of her lip within your mouth you guide her head back down with you as you renter to the ground 

Nash sits above you on her knees, her sex dripping slightly from the anticipation and her own efforts
you use one hand to help guide as she lowers herself onto your member 
she gasp as the two of you make contact, you buck your hips thrusting yourself into her surprisingly tight sex
an inhuman cry escaping her as you thrust, she lowers herself further onto your shaft
as the two of you fall into a rhythm you could swear your name is on her lips, but its hard to tell her inhuman screams are so strange
you don't know how long the two of you go at it... 
you put everything you have into one last push her insides spasm milking your dick as you erupts 
Nash lets out a loud inhuman cry that both terrifies you to the bone and fills your hart with pride
she falls over dismounting you 
the two of you just lie there in the afterglow of your actions

once you've calmed down a little you look to her her large golden eyes staring back at you 
"I. think I.. love you" you stammer
"yes..." she looks at you confused the words impacting like waves on a beach retaliation spreading across her face 
"I love you Anon" the words slowly spilling out of Nash's mouth her eyes unfocused and distant  
you leave it at that the two of you confessed, needing nothing more then each others company 
eventually the night terns cold you begin shivering despite Nash's fur and warmth
 Nash drags you over to the den, cuddling your still naked form you lie next to here holding her for warmth you deploy your sleeping bag over the two of you and fall asleep in each others arms.

you slip into a pleasant dream, a fantastic you and Nash live in a big cave with a white picket fence and a manicured lawn
you invite the neighbors over for a barbecue, and you have a massive smoker with two large deer slowly cooking within, 
as afternoon comes around the wolves you ran into earlier arrive fully clothed this time and acting much more civil
Nash is your wife, shes wearing a beautiful flower print sun dress, a bow tied midway down her tail
another figure shows up, a blue Coyote, looking more like a cave painting come to life, then flesh and blood
you've never seen her before but she seems oddly familiar
she smiles and waves 
"gah-hah!" the entity entity laughs 
before the fantasy fades into dreamless sleep

you wake up lying next to Nash who this time she is still sleeping soundly next to you

to be continued