The sun soars high as you step out into the warmth of the afternoon.

The trip to Qyra is always a long and rather annoying one. Most travel agencies will not fly into Qyra due to "civil unrest" and a lack of any U.S. diplomatic presence in the region. You never understood as to why, most of the country is quite calm and barren, and neither you or your wife have ever had any trouble with the locals. It is quite a peaceful little nation, but, they insist on their rules so workarounds had to be found. 
For the past 6 years, you both decided on flying to a nearby country and catching the next bus into Qyra. This year was no different, as the other option is driving in yourselves. A fun idea in theory, but neither of you know the country well enough to not get lost for a few days. Though you wouldn't mind getting lost in Qyra. Snow-capped mountains surround the region, with lush, dense jungles blanketng throughout. You call back to a time where you and Ani did get lost in a jungle. Turned out to be a great couple's bonding exercise when you had to hunt for fish and birds. Plus, when you returned home you got a beautiful baby boy out of it. A vacation to never forget, and one that should definitely be repeated in the future.
The bus ride is never anything to write home about. Smelly people, long ride, and that one guy who no one looks at for the whole trip until he gets off at some nondescript location. The bus is never air conditioned either, so most of the windows have to be pulled down, lest the passengers die of heat stroke and choke to death on the musk of the cabin. There is a silver lining to the musky mess, the route taken by the bus is incredibly gorgeous in its scenery. It is as if you are an ant on the floor of a forest, the lush greenery around as you travel through is almost suffocating at times. The rays of the sun pierce through some spots of the treetops, as if God is trying to poke through the dense brush, trying to reach the bottom. 

"The ride wasn't that bad Anon, you don't have to go all war vet on me." Ani says, snapping her digits in front of your face. You return to reality, the bus had let you two off at Aradesh, a city that is almost as familiar to you as your own hometown. Every time you come to visit Anika's family, you choose to bed here at a rather nice inn. Most of the archatecture in town gives off an old colonial vibe, with construction consisting of clay and wood, the inn is no different.
"Ah come on, can't a guy sunbathe and think in peace?" You stretch your arms puff your chest out. "Besides, you do it all of the time at home. At least I have the decency to keep my chest to myself." You chuckle. This nets you a punch to the arm from Ani, but it was worth it. Ani has a bad habit of walking around the house naked, not that you mind one bit, but the neighbors have on (numerous) occasion(s) complained about your wife's "vulgar" and "indescent" display even though it was in your own home.
As you two walk through the town, luggage in tow, you watch the action happening around you. A hog woman and her human husband at work tilling their soil, they throw a friendly wave when they notice you looking. You wave back and smile. Some children are playing kickball in the road having the time of their lives, running around screaming and laughing. You see an elderly human woman sitting on her porch with an elderly girraffe man, they are relaxing out in the wonderful weather. You notice a group of three younger hyena women eyeing you up like a piece of meat. That is until Ani comes closer to you and eyes daggers back at them, they turn the other way in what looks like disappointment. 
"Where'd that come from? Trying to protect your prince?" You playfully chide at your wife, who is now on high alert like a guard with precious cargo.
"Yes, no other woman is getting even a hair of my man." She clings to your side, arm wrapped around you a little tighter than normal.
"Huh, I've never seen this from you before. I kinda like it." You reach your hand behind her head and start massaging behind her ears. She melts like putty in your finger tips, you're used to doing this when she gets particularly stressed, and she always enjoys it.
"At least wait until we're at our room before you rile me up." She coos as melts into you. "You already know I want to tear your pants off and go to town." She whispers into your ear.
"I wouldn't mind giving them a show." You whisper back, blushing at the thought.
"You would when the police have to pull you out of me." She gives you a soft kiss. You try with all of your might not to get hard at the thought of that as you make it to the front of inn.
The inn itself is a neat looking, three-story building made up of mostly brick and wood. It's a bleached out blue color, yet the paint shows no sign of wear. It looks a few decades old in it's design, which adds to the charm of the place. As you enter the lobby you see a pangolin man at the main desk. He greets you with a warm smile and a great attitude. Ani has to do most of the talking, she knows the language better than you ever could. She did grow up here after all.
You take a seat at one of the wooden tables in the lobby, appreciating the craftsmanship put into the design of the furniture. The legs all have an intricate pattern which looks like some sort of dragon, with scales and many curves. As a matter of fact, the entire building has some very nice woodwork. From the pillars supporting the second floor loft, to the accents on the walls, everything has a professional and regal look.
"Alright, our room is on the second floor. Let's go drop our stuff off and have some fun."  Ani coos while dropping her arms around your shoulders.

That doesn't sound like a bad proposition at all.