>Be wearing latest design of scuba diving gear
>Avoiding looking at depth gauge, as you know you're going further than any other diver before you.
>Suit is feeling tight, but that is to be expected.
>Oxygen supply was holding steady, your heart rate is doing good as well.
>Radio has been silent since you passed the half mile mark.
>Natural light barely exists. You have LED lights mounted to the top of your helmet, wrists and feet providing you all the visual awareness you would need.
>Adjust descent rate, as an outcropping of stone is relatively coming up to meet you
>superhero landing
>Pull out a tripod mounted device, placing it down. Sensors trigger, and a series of miniature drills latch the device into the bedrock. Components start to unfold, creating a small satellite looking relay.
"We were starting to worry about you, up here."
>Feels good to hear your CO again.
"You seem to have descended slower than we timetabled. Any problems?"
"No sir, just following gut instinct. Timetabled rate of descent caused minor pressure related issues, and did not want to jeopardize the objective."
>You're two fifths of a mile below the ocean surface wearing the equivalent value of a small third world country on your body.
"Acknowledged. Timetable has been updated accordingly, including projected ascent rate. Conduct equipment check, and proceed at your discretion."
>Step around the relay, and follow the natural slop of the rock. You raise your arms to increase the amount of light in the area you're looking.
>Note you're a little off mark, as the cave entrance you were sent down to investigate is further from your landing point than estimated.
>Small sigh, and begin trudge.
>Cave entrance is roughly seven feet tall and fifteen feet wide. As you coeclose you pull another device out. It activates, allowing you to drill it into the rock. Once it is secure, the device lights up in red.
>Continue in the cave.
>Verbally note formation of stalagmite and stalactites. There is life here, but it is small, and seems to congregate around the thermal vents continuously spew nutrient rich water.
>The cave starts slopped down, but has quickly begun to slop upwards to a near forty five decline incline.
>You climb for an unclear amount of time.
>Suddenly breaks the surface tension of the water as your body rises above what seems to be a small underground cave pool.
>The space is fairly empty, but something shiny on the side of the pool catches your eye.
>You walk over and upon closer inspection realise it is an outdated swiss army multi-tool, and in surprisingly good condition considering where it is.
>Have sudden feeling you're being watched.
>Climb fully out of the water, and raise both arms to shine as much light into the surrounding cave as you can see.
>A number of caves branch away from the pool, so you have no idea where you should go from here.
>Decide to test the local atmosphere. Yet another device pulled from the belt.
>After a few minutes, the device displays 78% nitrogen, 21% oxygen, 1% argon, and then trace amounts of carbon dioxide and other gasses, all held at just over one atmosphere in pressure.
>Carefully remove helmet after deactivating the oxygen recycling system, and set it to recovery mode, hearing the hiss of the two different pressures interacting.
>Turn to examine the cave branches again to be met with a glowing orb hanging between you, and the face of what you can only guess is a female Anglerfish anthro
>She jumps back as much as you do, and you can see her skins is a dark brown to near black complexion, flat-chested body is lithe and thin with webbed hands and pseudo fins on the arms and legs. Her feet are also webbed, but have long needle-like claws.
>You both seem to finish examining eachother at about the same time, the only thought in your mind was how to quickly put your helmet back on and return to the real surface.
>She pounces on you before you get a chance, at first pushing you deeper into the pool, before trying to pull you back to the shallower water at the edge and up against a wall.
>You're terrified, don't want to die, but also don't want to equipment damaged as its your only way home.
>Despite her size, she has you forcefully pressed against the wall, and through the suit you can feel the pressure of her body against yours.
>Her face is in yours, mouth slightly agape showing the needle thin teeth within her mouth.
>YFW she looks hungry.
>She's leaning in to you, and her tongue is slowly licking her thin lips. Her beedy eyes starring deep into yours.
>Your terror climbs hard and fast as she steadily gets closer, but you dare not look away to expose your neck.
>In a moment, the terror vanishes.
>Her lips make contact with yours, lightly gumming your mouth and surrounding face.
>Tentatively, you open your eyes and from what you see you can only guess that she is trying to kiss you.
>The terror returns, now coupled with revulsion as she takes the opportunity to force her tongue into your mouth.
>You're on the edge of throwing up, but she continues unperturbed, if very unsure about what she is even doing.
>You lose track of time
>She finally relents, pulling away and letting you go. The lose of pressure allows you to slide down the wall, barely keeping the helmet out the water.
>she slinks off, seemingly inviting you to follow her, her illicium illuminating one of the tunnels.
>You take the opportunity to seal your suit again and start leaving
>You dare not glance back.