“Rruh. urh. Mmhm.”
You watched the video footage intently, the young woman grunting away every few movements. It was a little shocking, you saw mountain and cliff climbers before in movies and on recordings, none of them being as fast as this. Not reckless fast either, just experience and skill, like this was just another day where climbing came as naturally as breathing.
Forget hobby, this girl was an artist or a tactician or something! She didn’t pause to even think where she wanted to grab, she just climbed. Fuzzy dark brown, almost black, fingers gripping firmly and clashing against the coyote brown gloves.
She gets up to the next piton set, clipping herself up to the two of them and sighing. She then lets go of the rock and just hangs from the pitons, legs probably outstretched as she leans back and groans into a stretch.
It’s not a second after that she moves back to the wall and fumbles around with the go-pro on her head, pulling it off and turning it towards herself.
The dark brown furred mink girl smiles briefly, cute rounded ears, blue eyes, and a brown nose being her facial features. A blue helmet covering most of her head.
She gives a playful growl, bearing teeth and flexing her right arm. The pointy canines being the first thing that stands out, the other being her arm. She certainly has been doing this for a while, if the shape of her arm says anything. Bet she puts some guys at the gym to shame.
She then drops the act, smiling with her tongue stuck out a little, giving a hum filled giggle.
“Told you I could climb this in record time, and you know what?”
She puts the go-pro back on, looking out across the land.
To say the least, it’s gorgeous. Trees and grey rock cliffs that drag on forever, one with a waterfall running down it. It’s enough to say you want to take a vacation to South America, just to see this view.
“This place is as breathtaking as they make it out to be. Every dollar for that plane ticket is worth just this glance alone. I would have loved you to be here, Miri, the trip we planned, but your job now would be a mistake to pass up. So… a picture will have to do for you. Maybe National Geographic will take this one too!”
She turns around, taking pictures with the camera she pulls out.
Suddenly an odd noise sounds, your heart dropping when the girl gasps and you see the world fall slightly. The sound of a rope whining and scraping going until you see everything jerk to a stop, hearing a loud pop or crack.
You can see from the footage that she slams into the rockface, yelping before falling again and further with a scream. How far is this drop? There was a rest point not too long ago tat she just passed.
Your question is answered as you hear a gruesome and fleshy sounding snap. The camera moving around for a good roll before coming to a stop, facing upward.
80 feet maybe? You can’t tell. The only thing your mind focuses on is the sight and sound you see.
The girls arms are fine from the look of things, a good scrape on the one. But the way she holds them is worrying. In front of her like she’s trying to defend or brace herself, but hands kind of limp and shaking. Like a kid trying to imitate a T-rex.
“A-Ahh-! a-a-a-a-hhhahh-!”
She moans and cries, interrupted each time, like she can’t catch her breath or is cut off by convulsions.
You slap your hand over your own mouth as she shifts and looks down, right leg torn up and open. The femur sticking right out of the wound.
The girl gasps and gives a short and weak scream before breaking into sobs.
“Jesus Christ.” You say before stopping the video and closing it, looking over to the white feline across from you.
“Yeah… I still get shivers just from thinking about it.” She says, cringing with a wince that stays on her face.
You clear your throat, taking your hand from your mouth and holding your hands together.
“I’m guessing Miri is what she calls you instead of Miranda?”
“Yes… but she hasn’t since the accident. It’s like she’s been replaced with someone that looks like her.”
“She’s changed that much?”
Miranda just nods, frowning.
“I know it’s still her… but she’s different now. It’s been months since the surgeries and her release, but nothing is the same. She was a tough girl, not quite a tomboy. But now she just wants nothing to do with any of her sports or activities, is wound up and crabby at times, and won’t even come hang out with us. She asks what’s going on when we visit, but prying or trying to get her out just gets her all aggressive. It’s like she lost all her will to live and have fun, or even try anything again.”
You nod, sighing. That happened some times. Typically you did group recovery for injuries with the others in your little organization, and some people just change with the accident. Some forever, some until they get better.
“So, that’s why you came to here?” You ask.
She nods, looking expectantly at you.
“Yes. They say this place is above the others in terms of physical recovery and therapy. We tried ones in New York and Washington, but they gave up after she refused to come after the first two visits.”
“Just flat out gave up?”
“I mean, they tried and really kept at her. But soon they just saw her as a lost cause.”
You nod, humming.
“I see… I need to admit, I can understand why. I’m sorry to say that we can’t help those who refuse it.”
Your words seem to scare the cat woman, making her eyes open wide.
“P-Please! I’ll pay double for this, I’m not kidding. You got to try, you have an outstanding record with one on one treatment! S-she just needs a-“
“Woah! Woah! Easy…” You say, throwing your hands up. “I never said no, I was just being realistic. I’m not going to ask you to pay double.”
She sighs, pouting.
“…Sorry. I just want my friend back.”
“I can understand, and I will happily help, but I’m no miracle worker. I just want to make that clear.”
She nods before looking to you again.
“Okay. You’re right, I’m sorry for being pushy.”
“It’s okay. I’ve seen most of it by this point.” You say, giving a smile. “I know how bad you want her back, and I will try like I said. I’m going to need some things though.”
Miranda then smiles, nodding and reaching down.
She pushes some folders to you, pointing to each of them.
“Medical history, injury diagnosis and report, activities and lifestyle.”
“You’re… thorough.”
She gives a nervous laugh, twiddling her thumbs.
“Sorry. I didn’t know if you would take it easily or fuss about needing details.”
“It’s okay, I can tell you’re really wanting this to happen. Give me time to go through this and I will get back to you. Okay? Best case, I could start tomorrow after calling you tonight. Actually…”
You pull the activities and lifestyle to you, opening it up.
“Mind giving me a few answers? I don’t think miss…”
You open up the folder, finally getting a name.
“Samantha, will be so willing.”
“What about? If it helps her I will.”
“Well, first thing… what’s the deal with her? Don’t get me wrong, not like what she was doing is not normal. But it’s obvious from the video that her body is above average fitness. She looks like a female muscle model or weightlifting athlete.”
The feline gives a little laugh, smiling.
“Her arms?”
“Yeah. Let me guess, all the guys stay away when she gets to the gym.” You say with a smile.
“Not quite, some do. She used to just help play spotter or walk up to anyone and ask them to spot for her.”
“Very social then?”
“Yeah. She’d let anyone who just straight up hit on her down like a bag of flower before training with them. Once she called another guy’s muscles cute before apologising for making him embarrassed. She’s a real jokester, but not a full tilt tomboy. She’d probably like the joke you made. There are a few times I saw her in a dress.”
You look over, seeing some of the pictures of the Mink girl.
“Bit of an odd one then?”
“Sometimes, I guess. She just started to not care what people thought too much and do things her own way.”
“Why though? Seems like she has a reason to get into all this.”
“Grade school bullies used to tease the girls all the time. One day she had enough for some reason and challenged the boys to prove them wrong. First one to the top of the hill. She won and from there she started to just want to prove whoever she could wrong.”
“Competitive as hell?”
“Yeah. Cross-country, track and field, soccer, baseball… She snuck into the Football team practice to only get found out and told again that it was boys only. From there it just built up to weightlifting, MMA, marathons, and… climbing.”
“Then it all fell apart.”
“It’s like she doesn’t care anymore…”
Odd… but everyone handles things differently.
“Plenty of friends though?” you ask, changing the subject.
“Yes. We have a small group that is stuck together well. Sammy used to be the one who set up gatherings and bar nights all the time.” Miranda says before laughing. “She hates it when some of us call her Sam too, like we are making fun of her for being such a boy the odd time.”
You chuckle, nodding.
“All right, I think I got a better picture of who I’m dealing with. I’ll talk to you later and see about getting starting as soon as I can.”
The cat woman smiles, nodding with hope in her eyes.
“Thank you… I mean it mister Anonymous.”
“Anon is just fine.”
------
Alrighty then, day one.
You never really expected anything today, but it was a good chance to get started. As usual.
You just passed the time by running through the profile and papers in your head, waiting for your new patient.
5’2”, dark brown fur, blue eyes, very fit, competitive, likes to joke, still a little girly despite attitude and hobbies. But… lost all motivation, and getting distant.
Classic depression and slump case, as soon as you break through that barrier she will probably skyrocket. If she shows up.
She wasn’t late today, you were just early in the workout room. Your one on one days were on the rest day of the group sessions, People who recovered and were just generally rebuilding themselves with now minor assistance. 
God… if you can get her there, walking again, that would be a job well done.
Going over the medical file, last night, made your jaw drop. Her situation was such a series of unfortunate events that is seemed impossible.
Apparently, the open break got infected, the muscle needing to be removed after reopening the leg again. She was lucky to not be an amputee at this point. 
The doors open up just as you lift your arm to check the time, feeling just a little peckish.
You see the face you met yesterday, Miranda, smiling in a rather high-class dress. Frankly it is a little out of place. And of course, in sharp contrast, a mink in sweat pants and a hoodie. Samantha looking like she doesn’t want to be here with the uncaring look on her face.
She wheels in with no effort, sparing a glance at you before keeping to focusing on her path.
“Hello.” Miranda says to you with a wave, beaming and reaching out for a handshake.
“Hey. A little high class for a place like this, no?” You ask, clasping her hand.
“Need to go to work, I’m just here to drop Sammy off. I’ll tell you about it later.”
She turns, bending down slightly and smiling at her miserable looking friend.
“I’ll see ya later, ‘kay?”
“Sure.”
To your slight surprise, they both give a hug before Miranda begins to walk off, looking back and giving a wave before leaving the two of you alone.
You look to the Mink girl, seeing her look at you wordlessly. Like she knows what’s coming and is just waiting to get it over with.
Yeah, probably not the time to make small talk or inspire. Your brain already working away as fast as it can on how to go about this. You need action for now, socialization later.
“Alright then, let’s see where we are. Move what you can comfortably, and without pain.”
Though she says nothing, she is compliant. Shifting herself and moving her legs like you asked. Although, moving is a gracious word to use. She hardly moves the right, the left leg being much more mobile. Both seeming like a shuffle.
When you ask her to move as far as she can, you can see the pain on her face, but also see something else. She has much more strength and movement then expected, but it’s all with heavy pain.
You keep going through the motions, assessing the situation.
Samantha has a surprising amount of movement for how early her pain starts. Maybe her athleticism and a high tolerance?
Either way, you can work with this.
“Alright then. We can start by working on getting that pain down. Then after that, we can go to stretching and muscle building. Slowly we can…”
You trail off at the mink girl looking down, seeming to be more mentally occupied with other things.
“Samantha?”
“I’m listening.”
You cross your arms, leaning back slightly on the table behind you.
“Doesn’t seem like it. Why?”
Now she looks up at you with some attitude, just seeming to hate your presence.
“Why do you even care?”
“Because it’s my job? Because I want to see you get better like everyone else? Like Miranda? You can’t tell me you came here and two other places because you don’t believe you can recover. Why so little effort?”
“Because, just like the doctors and the other two said, I’m not going to be walking again. This is all just a waste.”
There we go! Now for a little inspiration.
“And that’s that? Three or more guys give you a no and that’s that? That doesn’t sound like the badass girl who climbs cliffs and showed up a bunch of grade school bullies as a kid. The girl who never took no for an answer. You’re not willing to prove them wrong this time?”
She growls at you, baring teeth.
“Don’t try to play shrink with me, pretending to know me like a friend. Greedy, manipulative, jackass. You’ll just drag these classes out like the others did, playing buddy buddy, happy that you are getting paid so much for so little effort and getting all the heroic praise in the world. I’m not falling for your bullshit and tricks to make me and others think I’m making progress for something so hopeless.”
You hold your breath for a moment at the heavy-handed attitude, thinking for a moment. If inspiring doesn’t work…
Damnit, you need something to kick her in gear.
“…Alright then. I see how this is.”
This is going to suck. For you that is. But eight years of experience has yet to fail you in the end so far…
You look at the mink girl right in her blue eyes, smiling.
“Then how about this? YOU get to decide when I get paid for this. Don’t like the results? Guess both of us just last however long with nothing to show for it.”
“Yeah right.” She huffs. “So you can drag it out and get to me like I said? No thanks.”
Fine then.
“First month free, same deal for after until the end. If by the first month of being here I can’t get you hurting less, you can leave with no issue. Miranda gets to keep her money, and you get to either leave me with no money and knowing you were completely right. If that’s still no good…”
You stand right up, pointing to the door as you start to step away.
“Quitter’s door is right there.”
She watches you as you walk, looking confused.
“Where are you going?”
“Food. If you’re not going to try today, then I might as well keep with your pace.”
You could practically see how angry you were making her. You didn’t really want to make her angry, but this was probably the best bet to get her on board.
She was right about you being a manipulative jackass though.
------
Holy shit it worked.
You were on day nine and counting. Not much progress made, but you were able to keep Samantha coming. It wasn’t pleasant, thanks to your method of getting her to come, but it was working so far. Well, save for the one day where she just got fed up with your prodding and you had to chase her down.
You pushed a little too hard that day, with her thankfully coming back. Now you know your limit with her.
You watched as she did the simple movements, finishing up today’s work with only a slightly pained expression.
She was less snappy today too. It was odd, because she seemed more distant. But she was making a good effort today.
“Look at you go, girl!”
You both looked up to Miranda walking in and over, dressed up as usual, holding a letter.
“Hey!” you say, smiling. “Still owe me that story about your clothes.”
“Gonna have to wait, you got a letter.” She says, giving you the envelope “Your friend, Alex, got busy and asked me to bring it up to you.”
“You seriously don’t need to do that.”
“Not like it’s trouble. So! How are you doing today?” She says, looking to Samantha as you open up the letter.
“Fine, I guess.”
Let’s see…
“Oh.”
Little Jaymie… one of your early one on one cases. It was, what, six years ago now?
You just smiled as you reminisced your time with the young human kid, reading through the letter he wrote to you. His recovery story was probably the most emotional for you, how you got him through his back and leg issues and standing upright, and the abusive situation he was got out of.
Dick of a single father had the kid pulled from recovery classes and left in pain to reap disability benefits. He was better off now with his custody being with his mother and step father.
The letter was just all about what he is up to now and future plans are, plans for school and work. How he was starting to get into some more physical activities. All pretty generic, but still heartwarming to see that you helped get him this far and to a much happier and normal life. There’s even a picture of you helping him stand and start walking attached to the letter.
God, fuck, thank god you ditched that beard. Jesus Christ that looks worse then you remembered.
‘-but all that starts in a few months. And it thanks to you, Anon. Thanks for making me life better, and for being a better father then the one I had. -Jay’
Aww, damnit kid.
You teared up slightly, biting your lip and smiling.
“Something wrong?”
You look back to the girls, clearing your throat and laughing as you wipe your eyes.
“Yeah, yes. Just having a moment from this. It’s a letter from some kid I treated a few years back.”
You flip the photo over, looking away in shame
“That’s me with the ugly ass beard, the kid being Jaymie.”
Samantha just stares with a smirk as Miranda laughs.
“Wow, you really should have kept that.” Samantha says, giving some mocking sarcasm.
“Stop that! It’s… not that bad?”
“It’s ugly as hell, and anyone who sees this photo knows it.” You say, laughing.
You give a sigh, looking to them as you pull the shameful photo away.
“Tell you what, now I got my story as leverage to get yours. So we can trade one time when we are all freed up.”
You said your goodbyes and cleaned up quickly, sparing the small talk to get things set up. That way you can go home and get rested for tomorrow. Tomorrow being a big day with long group sessions for you to help with, recovery and therapy all day.
Thankfully, after all the three hours of prep and set up, you were at home and out of the shower with a little bit of time to relax on the couch tonight.
As much as you were not enjoying the tactics you used, Samantha’s progress was coming along well enough. You had no idea why she was still in so much pain, given her movement range, but it was lessening bit by bit.
You snickered at the TV as your phone went off, sparing a glance at the unknown number and setting it down.
“And, after it happened, the CO went up to the guy and asked: “How much did you guys use? Because that door was flying form that breach charge and made us an opening on the other side of the building.” To what the private REPLIES: “Uh… all of it?”.” The man on the TV says, friends snickering at the poker table.
Your phone goes off again, the same unknown number coming up.
“Okay, odd enough to check.” You mumble to yourself.
You answer, clearing your throat.
“Hello.”
“Anonymous?”
“Speaking?” You say, getting a sip of your soda.
“…It’s Samantha. That bitchy Mink?”
You choke right on your drink, dropping the can onto the carpet as you stand up.
She’s calling you? Why? The hell?
“UH! Hey, hello… How do you even have my number?”
“Website… I… uh… need to talk. You do that, right? Talking therapy stuff?”
“Yeah, uh, kind of. I’m no shrink, but I like to try to get people in my care to talk to me.”
“Cool. I’m… I… god damnit.”
“Would… it be better if I come there? Give you time to think and bring a drink over?”
“Yeah.”
“Great, give me your address and I’ll be right over.”
“Right… Apartment buildings across from the Train station. Building B, Tenth floor, Room 14. It’s on Main and Lineback”
“Okay, I’ll see you soon.”
You hear her hang up, opening the phone up and calling another number.
“Hello? Mi-
“Miranda! Hey, it’s Anon. I need you to listen.”
------
A drive and an elevator trip later, you are on an upper floor and knocking on a door. Coffee in hand as the door opens.
You look down to the Mink girl seeing the frown on her face.
“Hey.”
She says nothing, Samantha not really looking at you as she rolls back and into her room. You following her after.
It’s surprisingly nice, frankly well set up and above average in class. Honestly, It puts you and any of your friends to shame in terms of living. Sure, you had a house, but this was really nice.
“Yeah… people get that same look.” Samantha says. “It’s all Miranda, she pays for this.”
Your gawking is put to a stop by her words, making you look at the mink girl. Pausing for a moment to consider jumping right to the urgent topic or just letting her bring it up.
Best to let it be for now.
“Okay, high class dress, money to burn, and able to give friends homes. Didn’t know Jane Bond was American.”
That gets you a smile out of the mink girl, Samantha shaking her head.
“Not quite. I do… did… earn this. I was her go to girl for sports evens and sponsorships. My hobbies were actually my jobs.”
“That’s a pretty cool setup. How do you guys do it.”
“Don’t know, she does all the other stuff and I just run, jog, …I ran or jogged… or other things.”
You could see her depression set back in as she still avoided eye contact with you, frowning in her wheelchair.
The uncomfortable silence stayed as you looked over her, just trying to gage if you should speak first or not about the phone call.
Samantha sat there, now in a pair of sport shorts and a T-shirt. Looking much more comfortable then her regular sweatpants and sweater she wore when working with you. Probably because of it being to hot from her fur.
Speaking of, her legs and arms were sporting a nice and healthy shine. The dark brown fur having a gleam from the lights. Kind of giving off the form of her muscles a little. They looked a little bit less then what you remember from that video, probably from her time away from all her activities, but her coat was in top condition. Only one spot not looking the same.
Her right upper thigh looked thinner in fur and bare compared other spots, a large chunk of leg looking thin and scarred. Right where her break happened… It even looks painful.
A choking squeak makes you look back up from the wounded area, seeing the poor girl crying. Just holding onto her crossed arms tightly with both hands
You give a few steps forward, setting the coffee down in front of her and taking a knee. Rubbing her back after.
Probably a little too personal for her liking, but this is what your gut is telling you is best right now.
She gives a shaky breath, giving a heavy huff or sigh after. Jaw giving a bit of a tremble.
“I… I’m sorry. I know you-“ She cuts off, sniffling. “You guys are just trying to help. I’m being bitchy to everyone for no good reason and I know it.”
“…It’s common. It’s hard to cope with sudden changes like this, and we just can’t get it under control sometimes or all the time. It’s part of the recovery though, just another wound to heal.”
You pause for a moment before speaking again, trying to take the inspiration route again.
“You weren’t completely wrong though. I am a manipulative jackass. Kind of part of the job to get in your head and push you where you need to be pushed. But…”
Shit… uh… think!
“But you know, it’s what a spotter does. Pumps you up in different ways to get you to go further, you know? Sometimes you got to tell the other guy some things to get him to push just that bit harder while still looking out for him that he doesn’t hurt himself. Make sense?”
It’s a second before she nods, sighing.
“That… kinda makes sense.”
“Good… because I’m sorry too, for getting under your skin like that. Gotta fight fire with fire sometimes.”
“…But it’s not just you, all my friends too. They just try to help or get me to cope and…” She says, starting up again.
“Have they left you for good?”
“N-No.”
“Then they know you’re just dealing with things. And, now that you are coming to terms with it, what are you going to do? Keep doing it or try to make it better?”
“Bet-ter… make it better…” she says, sniffing again and looking to the coffee.
You bring it to her, watching the girl grab it and take a sip.
“Right. Because you know what need to be done and how to do it. You know how to and want to heal. It’s why you keep coming to my building and kept trying other places, right? Because part of you is still fighting and wanting to get back to normal, where you and your friends are just like they were before?”
Samantha nods again, lifting her head up and looking across the room.
You can see a door that leads to a few basic weight and workout equipment, hearing the mink speak.
“I… keep trying to do things at home. To get it to go faster.”
Ah, that’s why her leg keeps hurting so easily!
“That… is good effort. But you know your spotter isn’t there? That you could be hurting yourself more then healing?”
“O-oh…” She says, looking down with guilt.
You rub her back again, trying to give a comforting smile.
“We have rest days for a reason.”
“I’m sorry… I’m wasteing your time and Miranda’s money…”
“It’s okay, really. But if you are sorry, really sorry, you know what you can do? Come in after your rest day, getting actual rest, and work with me. Because, honestly, I think we can get you walking again. And I want to see it. From there, who knows?”
The door to the apartment opens up, making you both look to see Miranda walking in, Another anthro girl, a cheetah, following.
“Sweetie…”
Samantha squeaks in a sob as they come closer, putting the drink down.
“I’m sorr-ry.”
You back off as they go into a tight hug, the cheetah looking to you with concern and confusion before throwing up a peace sign.
You just give a thumbs up in response, clearing your throat.
“Sorry, I called her to come here in a bit after you called. I figured you could use a friend.”
Samantha looks up you and nods, crying still.
“I know it’s sudden, but we had a good talk. For now, just remember what I said, get some rest, and relax with your friends. Okay?”
She just nods again. Miranda backing up from the hug and cupping Samantha’s cheeks with her hands to look at her.
“Sweetie. You know we still love you and care, right? All of us.”
“I-I k-no-ow…”
“I’ll leave you two to it. Sorry, I don’t mean to be sudden, but she needs friends more right now.”
Miranda looks to you, nodding with a smile.
“Thank you for calling me, really. I owe you.”
You just nod and begin to take off, heading out the door and getting into the elevator when it arrives.
…This was good. Better than good, this was excellent. Now? Or rather the day she comes back next? Day one really starts.