It was five in the evening, and I was napping on the couch. I had ran myself ragged at work all day. Constantly running all around the office, trying to rummage all the papers and reports I needed. And of course, not a single soul would offer any assistance. By the time the workday was over, I was more than happy to tell anyone who asked for my help to bother someone else. 

In my partial sleep, I felt a pair of dainty hands land on my shoulders. They began to knead and massage the muscles, driving the sleep away and bringing my mind to reality. As I shifted, a second pair of hands landed on my collarbone, and began to massage and rub just as wonderfully as the first pair. As my eyelids opened, I was greeted to the sight of my fiance. 

She was a yellow and black striped wasp. About five and a half feet tall, with gigantic black eyes composed of multiple smaller eyes. Her antennae were wiggling slightly as her head turned on its side in a quizzical manner. In place of a normal mouth, she had a pair of mandibles extending from the bottom of her face. I gave her a small smile and ran a hand down her small waist. She shivered at my touch and placed her head in the crook of my neck. 

She held herself against me, and I wrapped my hands around her frame, letting my hands rest on her well rounded abdomen. It was hard, chitinous, the exoskeleton barely giving under my touch. Unlike others of her kind, she lacked wings. She never seemed to mind this disability, however. I let out a short sigh and felt her mandibles move on my neck, followed by her proboscis slowly travelling up my collarbone.

This behavior had been going on for a few days. Normally, she wouldn’t be so affectionate and clingy. Most nights, we would just spend time watching tv together before retiring to bed. While she never used to show much physical love openly, whenever we were in our bedroom, she made it perfectly clear just how she felt about me, which helped me deal with the lack of affection the rest of the time. 

But, as I noted, lately she had been acting like a lovestruck teenager, always wanting to be held in my arms or be cuddled against my side. Whenever I would ask, she would just inform me that everything was fine, she just felt a bit lonely. Strange, then, since she never acted this way in all the four years we’ve known one another. 

Mentally shrugging, I figured maybe she was just going through some kind of hard time at her job. Maybe this had something to do with her family recently inviting the two of us to a family gathering, the first time they’ve ever specifically asked for me to attend. We turned them down, since we wanted to just have a quiet weekend. Still, though, whatever the reason for her recent actions, I was more than willing to just enjoy this newfound tenderness.