“The reports aren't necessary, Mr. Davis,” a voice on the phone said.

“I understand, Sir, but I intend to make sure my work is up to standard.”

“Mr. Davis.” There was a sigh. “Leo. I'd find it hard to believe your work was ever not up to qualifications.”

“Thank you, Sir,” Leo replied.

A pause halted the conversation. “Have a good night, Leo,” the voice said in resignation.

“Likewise, Sir. Goodbye.” Leo placed his phone in the cupholder next to his seat and slumped back. Another day finished, exactly on time. He continued on his silent drive home. The sunset cascaded through the forested trees, providing comfortable cruising light. It wouldn't be long before he'd be back in the comfort of bed.

The winding road lead him past more trees, by a couple of homes, over a short bridge, and finally into his extended driveway. The path veered off into more clustered trees, with only a small opening for his car to get through. The road went up before dipping back down, stopping right next to his home. Leo set the car in park and rubbed his eyes, then went through a mental list to make sure he hadn't forgotten anything. Satisfied with himself, he picked up the leather case from the passenger seat and his phone, and stepped out of the car.

Instantly the entirety of the forest hit Leo's senses. It was a familiar sensation. The birds chirping in the distance, joined by a cacophony of insects as the wind blew through the trees. It was a comforting sense of life. He took a deep breath before setting off for his front door. Leo looked down to wipe his feet on the door mat, noticing it was off center. He pushed it back into place as he cleaned himself off, then stepped inside.

The front door closed, sending an echo all throughout the house. Maybe carpet flooring would have been better, Leo thought to himself. Carefully, he set aside his business shoes along with his case on the table. He moved from the foyer and looked over at the kitchen. All six of the dining chairs were neatly tucked away under the table, untouched. Leo's attention shifted over to the fridge. He shook his head. Not hungry at the moment. 

Leo continued to his bedroom, undoing and neatly folding up his tie as he moved. He tossed the garment into a hamper as he entered his bedroom. There was a stuffy, stale feeling to the air, as if he hadn't been there in years. He switched off the fan and pulled his shirt off. It too was folded neatly and tossed into the hamper. Leo sat down on the bed, folding his hands.

What was on tomorrow's agenda? There had been any new calls about the merger. All filing on excess stock had been finished. His daily report was already filed out. Ah... Tommorrow was Saturday. Leo looked at the wall, noting the spackling on its surface. Then there was nothing to do. He stared for a moment longer before he shifted onto his back, settling on his bed. His hand automatically hovered over the night stand, where the remote was, as he had always done. Might as well, he figured. Leo picked up the remote and turned on the television. 

Maybe it was time to retire for the night? Leo glanced out the window. The sun had set, but its lingering glow was still present, peeking through the trees. Not yet, that might throw off his entire schedule. Leo continued to stare at the television, occasionally flicking the channel. He silently hoped for his phone to make some sort of noise, giving him something to do, but it didn't come. Nothing around the house required his attention either. Everything was as presentable as it could be. For absolutely nobody. He looked around his room for any distractions before settling on the empty space next to him.

He didn't really need a queen sized bed, did he?
_

After a premade dinner and a shower, Leo was back in his bed waiting for ten P.M. on the dot. The light outside had all but disappeared, leaving only the blue hue of moonlight to flitter through the leaves. A faint scratching coming from the walls interrupted his waiting. He perked up and listened for the sound. There it was again. A damned animal better not have gotten stuck in the walls again. Leo stood up and walked out into the living room, hunting down the source of the noise.

The scratches became prolonged, dragging each one out. Then a wave of them. Leo shook his head. Now it was a whole infestation. He knelt down near the front door, and gently knocked on the wall. The scratching immediately stopped. That did the tri— A loud bang sounded back, causing his nerves to jump. He stood up and looked out the window. Was it something outside?

The porch and treeline near the front of the house made the window a deep, inky black. He leaned over and turned on the porch light.

A sinister grin from a black blob greeted him back. Leo froze. His mind couldn't make out much aside from a strained sneer and two, wide eyes that pierced through his heart. It let out a stuttering groan similar to a pained animal, and banged on the wall again. Too much stress. This was just too, too much stress raring its ugly head. He shut his eyes and turned off the porch light. With a deep breath he swiveled around on the spot and walked away.

Another bang made it clear that the thing wasn't going away. Leo wasn't going to let delusions get the better of him. “Leo!” the thing called out happily. No. No, just go away. “Leo Lion!” He froze. Fear was overridden by something else. He tightened his eyes as he tried to focus on that sensation. Nostalgia? Familiarity in that voice. That bubbly, all too young voice. He shook his head. “Where ya going?” That wasn't— “Scaredy cat as usual?” Bang. That wasn't possible.

"Open the door! I'm freezing out here!" Bang. Leo balled his hands into fists. How was she back? He had to check, make sure she was actually there. Leo opened his eyes, bringing him back to the house. Gathering his nerves, he walked back to the light and placed his hand over the light switch. "You don't look a day over forty, ya know?" the darkness said. Flick. There she was, staring him down, unblinking. The light barely reflected off her night black fur. She placed a hand on the window, showing off her long, spindly fingers tipped with threatening claws.

Leo stared, and stared, and stared. "Take a photograph, it'll last longer," she said, flashing her white ivory. Mindlessly, he put a hand up to the window. She wasn't real. She couldn't be real. All these years of wondering. There wasn't a chance she was real. And yet... "Well? Done admiring?" She placed a hand in front of his, those long digits extending past his own.

"M--Missy?" he said. The word still felt alien to him.

"Ding, ding, ding, ding!" she said, tapping her fingers in unison with her teasing. "You got it!" Her expression flattened. "So are you gonna let me in or what?" Leo examined her closely, trying to find any faults in the illusion. But there was none. There was none, and that frightened him. His mind screamed in defiance, don't ever let that creature near you. That pit in his chest told him she was comforting, almost familial.

The man swallowed and stepped over to the door. Missy's smile returned instantly, her form disappearing from the window. He unlocked the door before stepping back. The handle jiggled violently, then came to a halt. "A little help?" she said through the door. Leo relented, pulling the door inward a small amount. Fingers crept around the door and pushed it forward, revealing the creature in the flesh. She stepped inside and kicked the door shut. A part of Leo wanted to complain about her crude behavior, but he kept his mouth shut.

"Wow! Look at this place! A whole house to yourself, huh?" she said, looking around the dark room.

"Is it really you?" Leo asked firmly, as if a delusion would deny itself.

"Of course it's me. I'm the most me there is. You seen any other mes around?" she replied, walking around the room. "If you do, tell them off for me." She plopped down onto a couch. It was hard to make out at this light, but it was clear she started lounging. "So how've you been, Leo?"

"Why are you here?" he asked, taking a tentative step forward. "How are you here?"

"I just got here and you're already interrogating me, sheesh." She let out a low guttural yawn. "Aren't you happy to see me?"

"I'm..." Something, alright. It was hard for him to accept she was there at all. "It's been years, Missy." He rubbed his eyes. "I thought you didn't exist." 

"Living proof," she said with a smile, teeth reflecting in the light. Indeed, living proof. He could try to touch her just to make sure, but that wasn't happening. "So is this a good spot to sleep or've you got room in your bed?"

"What?" Leo shook his head. "No, you haven't even answered my questions yet."

"Oh yeah." Missy held up two fingers. "One. The internet exists." Her index finger curled down, leaving the middle one. "And two, I took a very long stroll." Leo glanced back at the door. They were a long way from the old home. Just how far did she travel? "So is this a good spot or what?"

"Why here? Why now?" Leo shot back. "Don't you have anyone else?"

Missy rolled onto her back and stretched. "Man, you just do not let up." She grumbled. "Look, my last guy ducked out. I thought you were cool. Simple as that." Leo's internal thoughts denied her near instantly, but he kept his mouth shut. There was a soft, vulnerable feeling in his heart that felt terrible at the thought of kicking her out. But her? His eyes went across Missy again. She was an imaginary friend. A nightmarish one. She couldn't live here. God knows what she'd do when he was gone, or heaven forbid, while he was home. "You still make that face, huh?"

"You've got nowhere else to go?" Leo said, ignoring her. "Absolutely no one else to turn to?" 

"Nope!" 

Leo pursed his lips and sighed. "No one else? You're not lying?" You have to.

"Not a soul, guy."

Just this once. "You get the night. That's it," he said firmly. Missy sprung from the couch, demented smile still plastered on her face. He pointed at her. "But you don't touch a goddamn thing. Got it?"

The monstress's expression soured for a moment. "Scared? Where's brave Leo?"

"He took a hike when he got a job." The man crossed his arms.

"Sucks." She spun around and looked at the house again. "Nice digs, though. So, what, you some kinda investor or CEO?"

"I'm a—"

"Never mind, it's probably too boring." This was going to be a mistake. She started walking about.

"Where are you going?" Leo said, trailing a safe distance after her.

Missy crooked her neck back at him. "Having a look. God, I'm not gonna piss on the walls." She waved him off. Leo watched her closely. While the ease in his heart told him she was a friend, other parts still screamed to get away. "Doesn't look like you got a taste in decor. But hey, bachelor life." She really was here, wasn't she? 

"Where have you been?" Leo asked all too earnestly. It was hard to think she could stay anywhere.

Missy stopped in her tracks. "In not the best places." She returned to pacing. "This place is turning out pretty good." Leo's mind struggled to come up with anything to say. It was like a mythical beast waltzed into his home. A part of him wanted to cheer at the fact that she wasn't a sign of mental illness, and yet another grappled with the fact that things like her did in fact, exist. 

Most importantly, she was a friend. An old one, in any case.

Missy was a long cry from her younger self, but she was still recognizable. Though now, instead of a worn, girly dress, she was sporting much of nothing at all. Her proportions had grown drastically, including her arms and hands, which now hung down nearly to her knees. Missy's snout had also expanded from a cute nub to a near canine-like protrusion. 

Of course, Missy had also grown into a woman in the process. Fur fortunately hid her indecency, at least directly. Her modest breasts were quite visible on her chest. She was curvier too. A full of head of strangely human hair flowed down from her head. It was longer, curlier, and interestingly more reflective than the rest of her fur.

“Hold on, you've got a whole queen here and I'm taking the couch?” Missy said as they rounded into his room.

“We're not sleeping together, Missy,” he said plainly. For several reasons.

“It's only one night.”

“It's one night, in my house.” He pointed to himself. “Don't like it, you can take up a tree outside.”

She rolled her eyes. “Pshhh, fine. That's how you treat a long lost friend, sure.”

“I barely even know you anymore! Christ, I almost went crazy thinking you were some horrible delusion from trauma!” Leo huffed.

Missy held up her hands. “Damn, dude, and I thought I had issues. No trauma here. I'm real, see?” She extended a hand and prodded him with a clawed finger. He winced at the spindly thing touching him, but he supposed it did help. “I'll take the couch if it means so much to you.” She turned around and walked past Leo, close enough to get a scent off her. Instead of wet dog, she smelled of shampoo and a faint earthy aroma. Someone had to have been helping her.

The two wandered back into the living room, where Missy lay down again. Leo took up a pristine lounging chair nearby. “No free shows,” Missy said. 

Leo shook his head and sighed. “Why'd you come here, Missy? I don't want a cute answer either.”

Missy looked over at the window. “Last one on the list, Leo. Didn't like the other guys.”

“Fucked up that bad?” List?

“We did our share of fucking up, alright? I don't want to talk about it, especially not with the guy who lumped me on a couch.” She turned away. “Good night.”

Leo lingered on her for a moment longer. He opened his mouth to say something else, then shut it tightly. She was really here. He couldn't take the suddeness of the situation, nor its bizarre implications. The man stood up and walked back to his room. He stopped to give her one last look. So much he had to ask. So much he couldn't ask. His hand settled on the door knob, then quietly closed the door.
_

Leo awoke as he always did, staring at the ceiling. He rubbed his eyes just as the alarm went off seconds later. With a groan and a stretch, he stood up, then instantly froze. Last night. Did that happen? He rushed over to the door and carefully opened it, just enough for him to peep through. The couch was barely visible, and from what he could tell, no ravenous monsters were sleeping on it.

A white eye slid into view, followed by a row of teeth. “No peep shows.” Leo backed away, shutting the door promptly. Not a dream. He shut his eyes. Not a goddamn dream. He hurriedly got dressed, then stepped back out into the hallway. Missy was there, brushing her hair with — what else — his own brush. She held it awkwardly between her freakish thumb and index finger. “Mornin',” she said, not shifting her attention. She was wearing a bright red shirt that hung loosely over her frame.

“Is that my shirt?” Leo asked annoyedly. “That was supposed to go into the wash today.”

“Who's shirt would it be, Einstein?” She looked over at him. He could see the horribly knotted up mess that was in his brush. “Thought it would be cool if it was dirty, but”—she sighed—“guess not with you!”

Leo huffed. “You had your night, now get out.” He shooed her off. “And leave the shirt.” He pursed his lips. It was hard to fling her out like that, but he knew already she would be trouble.

“Look, Leo, buddy, I've got nowhere else to turn.” She shrugged. “What's one more day?”

“I can't look after you—” Leo sized her up. “Whatever the hell you are.”

“Wolficus Maximus.”

“What?”

Missy continued casually brushing. “That's what we agreed on, remember?” There was a pang of familiarity to the name, something long lost calling out a memory in his mind. “Too cool for that stuff now, I guess.”

Leo focused himself back on the situation. “Just because we were friends as kids doesn't mean we are now.”

“I get it, I get it. I'm just some loser.” Missy set down the brush, still looking into the mirror. “We could be friends again, though, right?”

“It's hard to do that when you've forced this on me. Plus I'd have to feed for two, clothe for two, deal with twice the garbage. Not like you can do anything in turn.”

Missy walked out of the bathroom, stopping just in front of Leo. It occurred to him that she was just a hair taller. “You act like we'd be friends just so I could live here.”

“That's definitely what you were getting at.”

“Yeah! It was! But c'mon, you can't just assume the worst of me.”

“What am I supposed to assume of you? You're a— a— thing.” Leo shrugged with a frown. “Who the hell knows what you do.”

“I was a thing back then too, dick.”

“With a hundred other people to keep you in line.” He crossed his arms.

“Good thing we're not there then, huh?” Missy shot back. The two traded glares at one another until Missy sunk lower to the ground. She had been on her tiptoes the whole time. Her size actually came up to about his chin. "Look, just one more day. I really have nowhere else to go." Missy looked up at him, clearly trying her best puppy eyes.

Leo replied with, "How can I be sure that--" Suddenly, the phone rang. He shut his eyes and calmed himself. "I'll be right back." He rushed back to his bed and picked up his cellphone. "Hello?"

"Mr. Davis, good morning. Sorry to bother you on your day off."

"Not at all, Sir, good morning to you too. Is there something you needed?" Leo glanced over to Missy. She began quietly walking over to him. He gave a firm mouthed 'go away' and a frantic wave of the hand. It didn't deter her.

"I'm afraid I do."

"I'll be on my way," Leo replied instantly, already moving to his dresser.

"Hold on now, relax. You don't even know what it's for," the voice said with a chuckle.

"Oh, Leo!" Missy said, cupping her mouth and turning her head. "You gonna come back to bed, sweety?" Leo shot her a glare.

"Excuse me, Mr. Davis. I wasn't aware you had company."

Leo fervently shook his head and awkwardly laughed. "No, no, no, no, not really. What was it you needed, Sir?"

"Please, don't worry about my sake. You've got a lady present, enjoy your day off." Leo glared at Missy again, which she returned with a smile. "I'll call someone else, it's not a problem."

Leo put on his best businesslike voice. "Sir, I assure you, it won't be an issue. Now what is it you require?"

"Leoooooooooo!" Missy cooed. "I'm getting cooooooooold!"

Leo loudly cleared his throat. "Is it filing work? Calling? Perhaps a technical issue?" he asked. "I'm already on my way."

"I suppose it's farewell work. We need someone to make sure an employee is properly erase from the system for his retirement."

"Got it. See you soon, Sir." Before his superior could even reply, Leo hung up and pocketed his phone. "What the hell were you doing?!" he nearly yelled at Missy.

Missy's ears flattened with a wince. "Getting you out of work, jerk. It's Saturday. No bald, fat guy should pull you in."

"What if I lost my job over that?" He put his hands on his hips.

"Well if you lost your job for something so stupid, you probably shouldn't have the damn job in the first place." Fair enough. Not that he would ever even admit that she was right.

"You've got until I get back to leave." He looked at her shirt. "And take that damn thing off. You look like a druggie."

"You would like me to take it off," Missy said, pulling on the neck of the garment.

Leo held his hands up to stop her, but quickly retracted them. "Don't rip the fabric." He turned back to his dresser and started arranging his work clothes neatly on the bed.

"You seriously going out? I did that whole charade. It's Saturday, dude."

"I got that, 'dude', but there's a job to do."

"No, it's someone else's job to do."

"Not if I get there first."

"Whatever."	

Leo looked to Missy. "Do you mind?" he said, picking up a pair of work pants.

"Mind what?"

"I'm getting dressed, you barn animal."

"So?"

"So I'd like some privacy!"

Missy looked down at herself, then pulled the shirt off. The clothing dangled from her hand. "Oh no, looks like I need some privacy too," she said deadpan.

"I don't have fur, if you hadn't noticed." He set the pants down.

"Looks like you're trying your hardest though," she said with a chuckle, pointing at his arm.

Leo scoffed. "No wonder you got kicked out of your last shelter."

"I left."

"Well do me a favor and do it again."

"I already tried to do you a solid."

"One that doesn't screw with work might help better."

They lapsed into silence. Eventually Missy left the room without a word. Clearly it would take more pushing. That would have to wait. For now, Leo had a job to do, and a creature from the woods wasn't about to stop him.
_

Phone, keys, wallet, briefcase. Leo repeated the set over and over, confirming he had every item on the list and tapping them respectively as he walked to his car. He looked back to his house, almost expecting it to be torn to shreds in the few seconds he was outside. No sign of structural failure yet. He almost considered making sure the door was locked, though whoever decided to break in honestly deserved to deal with Missy. Maybe she could be a guard dog. Leo stepped inside and turned on the vehicle. She almost had the looks for it. Cuter than a guard dog, perhaps. He blinked. Perhaps.

The engine turned on. Leo was off to work. Again. He tried to keep his thoughts focused on the work ahead to no avail. Thoughts kept wandering right back to Missy walking free in his house. Tearing up the place. Making it dirty. Attracting God only knows what. He sighed. It was hard to separate her from that girl he used to play hide and seek with. He gripped the wheel tighter. Where did she go wrong?

The trip to work had been burned into his mind. His driving was entirely on autopilot while his mind took note of every familiar rock and tree along the forested path. It took some time to actually reach some sign of civilization, with the first vestiges of buildings popping up on the road. First it was the traveler's affair, gas stations and rest stops. Then came the more corporate side of the city, the fast food restaurants, the large office buildings, the large stores.

Leo tapped on the steering wheel as he approached his block of an office building. It was a glass block, but a block nonetheless. Should be a smooth process and another success to add to the list. He turned into the parking garage. Missy flashed through his head again as he came to a stop. "Just let the house be there, please, God," he mumbled to himself. He straightened his tie, stepping out of the car like an office worker should.

The interior of the building was as bland as it had always been. Sure, the ground floor had a grand, echoing reception with an array of elevators, but the meat of the building was a maze of carpet, blank white walls, and repetitive art adjacent to fake plants. Despite its repetitious nature, Leo had burned the layout into his mind. He turned left at a particularly generic painting of a forest, and knocked on his superior's door. Someday, Leo would have a varnished door of his own.

"Come in," a voice said. Leo opened the door, finding his boss stuck to his leather chair as usual, and an older man sat just across from him. "Mr. Davis, glad you could come in on such short... insistent notice." Leo nodded, then gave a wave to the older man, who he recognized as a somewhat familiar coworker. He had graying hair and a smile that would put even Leo's best asskissing grin to shame.

"Glad to be here, Mason, Sir," Leo replied. He closed the door behind him, adopting an upright posture.

"Don't give me that, Leo. It's Saturday." Mr. Mason waved dismissively with a smile. "I'm sure you remember Mr. Irons." He presented the older man.

"Cesar is good for the last day, don't you think?" he replied.

"Of course, good to see you," Leo said, trying to remember exactly where it was he had seen Cesar.

"The last you'll see of me, I hope. Thanks for being a good cubicle neighbor!" Cesar said with a smile. Oh, right.

"I try," Leo said, turning back to Mr. Mason. "And what is it you'll need today?"

"Computer stuff. You know the drill. Regular guy is out today, ill." Yeah, I'll bet. "We just need you to remove Mr. Irons from the system."

"Gently, I hope!" Cesar chimed in. 

Leo gave him a faux smile. "Sure, I'll get right on it. If you'll follow me, Mr. Irons."

Cesar stood up. "You guys have top notch service here," he said jokingly. The two retreated into the hall, where Leo was already planning the route out in his head and walking forward. "Thanks for the help, Leo. I thought about doing this monday, but I thought it would be a nice surprise for the missus, you know?"

"I can only imagine." Time to rot away then. "What have you got planned for retirement?" Leo said automatically.

"I'm gonna go home and lay down. Just never get up."

"What's the wife going to say about that?" Leo asked with a chuckle.

"Well she'll be right by my side. Gonna need it for winter!" Cesar replied. "So how's life going with your girlfriend?"

"Girlfriend?"

"Oh, sorry, was that a secret? Mr. Mason was telling me how you practically tore yourself free from her. Sounded bad. Work that much better?"

"One, I do not have a girlfriend, and two, I'm happy to work whenever it comes my way." Leo refrained from turning around. He opened a door that led into a sea of empty cubicles. "If I had a girlfriend it wouldn't be her," he mumbled under his breath.

"Probably wouldn't be working so much if you did have a gal." Leo looked back at him incredulously. "Just saying."  

"If there's one thing I've learned in my life, it's that you lose more with a woman," Leo said. A part of him couldn't believe he actually said that out loud. Another part of him nodded along in agreement. It was true with Missy, at least. What could she bring to the table in a relationship? Even in a roommate scenario, she couldn't offer up anything aside from hunting rats.

Cesar shook his head. "You'll find the right one eventually. Give it time." Time was the last thing Leo had, but he decided not to push the topic further. They turned into Cesar's cubicle and Leo sat down as he turned on the computer in front of him. It quickly booted up, bringing him to the desktop.

"You should really get into the habit of locking your computer."

"On my last day?"

"Never mind." He started clicking through the system, removing every bit of personal data from over the years, then moving onto the work website proper. "You mind giving me your employee ID?" Cesar handed over the little card. "Thank you."

"So what's she like?"

"Excuse me?"

"The girl you ran from, what's she like?"

"She's... hardly a girl. I don't really want to talk about it."

"Most you've spoken to me and you don't want to talk about it? Come onnnnn"--a finger prodded at Leo's back--"let me have this one thing. I want to know what kind of girl is attracted to the workhorse."

"She's a friend, if you really have to know. Mooching off me and everything I've earned. Last person kicked her out, I guess." Leo's work slowed down ever so slightly as Missy returned to his thoughts.

"Have to make a living somehow."
 
"That's not how you make a living. You get a job for that," Leo replied, looking back at the older man.

Cesar shrugged. "Hmph, I'd say putting up with you is a good enough job. Not like you spend it on anything else."

"How would you know?"

"Leo, I've seen you come into the office for the past four years with the same shirt, the same pants, the same phone, the same suitcase, and the same smile. You don't buy a thing." Cesar nodded. "See, told you I was your neighbor."

Leo offered no reply, turning his attention back to the computer. Leo stewed his thoughts, keeping himself from yelling back. "Almost done here, then you'll be off." He tapped away at the keyboard a little harder.

"Give her a chance," Cesar said calmly.

"Don't even give me that," Leo said, trying to steady his voice. "She disappears on me and I'm just supposed to--" He sighed. "Forget it." He hit the enter key, blanking the screen. "You're out. Enjoy your freedom." Leo handed the card back to Cesar.

"Sometimes being a friend is all the work in the world, Leo," Cesar replied. Leo didn't shift from the spot. Being a friend is all Missy can do. Did she follow through? Is she currently following through? Who the hell knew what she was doing right this moment.

"Have a good retirement, Cesar."

"Good luck, Leo." There was a firm pat on his shoulder. "Have a good one." There were muffled footsteps, then silence. Another job well done. Leo blinked, then stood up, heading right back to his boss's office. A firm knock on the varnished wood, and he was allowed back in.

"Mr. Davis, that was surprisingly quick," Mr. Mason said, thumbing through documents.

"Will that be all today, Sir?" Leo asked.

"Unless you can point out any other retirees, yes. Thank you again. Go on home and enjoy your day."

"Thank you." If he could at all. "See you tom-- Well, after tomorrow."

"Likewise, Leo. Relax for once." Mr. Mason waved him off.
_

Leo pulled into his home, marveling that the windows were still intact. He turned off the engine, and with prayer, walked up to the porch. Hopefully he still had a bed. He brushed some leaves on the railing before heading on in. The house was cheerily quiet, affording him some calm. His attention snapped to the kitchen. The fridge was ever so slightly open. With a grumble, Leo marched over, shutting it closed. That was when he noticed the crumbs scattered on his table. The mark of a true friend.

A faint sound buzzed from Leo's bedroom. His fantasy shattered. That was it. There was reality calling to him. Leo walked into his room to find a familiar dark character relaxing on his bed, on his computer, with his earbuds, under his sheets-- If he listed any more, he might have an aneurysm. She was facing away from him, not noticing his approach. Though he doubted she would even acknowledge him either way.

"Hey!" he called out. Missy perked up for a moment, but eased back into the bed. Leo moved up to the bed and tapped her on the shoulder. Missy calmly stopped the video, then turned around. There was a pause, then a sly smile.

"So, d'you do what you needed to at work there, Leo?" Missy asked, pulling the earbuds out of her ears. Those were going straight to the trash. Leo was quick to realize the orange crumbs that trailed from her mouth, down her chest, and onto his sheets. Yeah. Mhmm. Perfect.

Leo nodded. "You could say that, yeah." He stared at the picture before him for a moment. "Didn't I ask you to leave before I got back?"

"I didn't know how long that would take. I look like some kinda psychic?"

"No, you look like a leech to me."

"I don't have the teeth for that." Missy hooked a finger into her mouth, pulling back her mouth an absurd amount to reveal all of her sharp ivory.

Leo held a hand up and winced. "Well, I'm back now. Time for you to leave." He pointed.

"You're still on that?" She rolled onto her back. "Where do you expect me to go, Leo? The zoo? Maybe I can live under a bridge like a troll? Scare the local kids for food?"

"Should've thought about that before you screwed up with your other bunkmates, huh?"

Missy frowned, nearly baring her fangs. "That wasn't just me, OK? I already fucking told you." She shifted on the bed. "How about some common decency for a friend?"

"What do you mean for a friend?! Point to the goddamn friend in this picture because I can't find them!" Leo pointed to himself. "I should be crowned a Saint for letting you stay a night!"

"Fine!" Missy shot up, crumbs trailing down her body. "What can I do to make this better? What do I need to do get you off my back?"

"Leave." 

"That's not an option, Leo. I need to do something to live here." Her expression eased off anger and onto annoyance. "What do you need?"

"Do I look like I need anything?" Leo replied.

"A life, Leo."

"Don't act cute."

"So what, I just can't stay? Nothing I can possibly do? I can clean up or something! There has to be one thing."

"I'm perfectly capable of cleaning. I have good hands after all."

"Low blow, prick," Missy said, turning her head. "Look. I need to stay here." Her expression relaxed and she sighed. "If you wanna fuck or something, I'll do it."

Leo jerked back, both insulted by the offer and baffled. "Missy, there's not a chance in hell that's happening."

"What? Are you serious?"

"I've been serious this whole damn time!"

"You get a girl willing to fuck and you don't even jump on the offer. I didn't think you were gay."

Leo shook his head. "Missy. I'm tired of this. I want to lay down. I don't want you here."

Missy crawled over to him and placed her hands on his chest. "I'm good with my mouth, honest!"

"Missy," he said solemnly.

"Leo, come on! Just a few more days!" Missy shook him. Leo looked into her eyes. Those inky black pits stared back at him. In their depths there was a spattering of green. She did have green eyes when she was younger, didn't she? "Leo?" Missy shook him again. "Leo, please!" Leo sighed and placed his hands on her wrists, pulling her distended hands off of him. Look at her. What a mess. Her fur was surprisingly softer than he expected, however.

Leo prepared himself for what he was about to say. Saint? I should be the pope. "Missy. Can I get a promise from you?" he said calmly but firmly. "No jokes. No lies. I need a promise."

Missy looked down at his hands, then back up to him. "What is it?"

"You need to listen to what I say. This is the only way it's going to work."

She furrowed her brow and smiled. "You're gonna make me your sex sl--" Leo frowned. Missy snapped her maw shut. "And? Then I can stay?"

"That's entirely up to how you act." This wasn't going to work at all. "Now, can you please clean this up and get off my bed?"

Missy looked down at herself, then the bed. "Oh. Oh sure thing boss." She turned around and placed her hand on the bed, then started sweeping the crumbs off.

"Stop!" Leo paused to collect himself. "Please use the brush and dustpan in the kitchen." Missy gave a sheepish nod and scampered off. He watched her shift from a crouched gait to a more human one as she left. This was like training a dog, right? A very annoying dog. Leo sat down on his bed and rubbed his eyes. There was a dull bang and a 'Whoopsie!' Did she really still say that? Not like you would know, he told himself. She's been gone for a long time. Too long.

Missy ran back in, almost skipping as she rounded the bed and daintily brushed up her mess. It was sloppy, but it would have to do. There was an odd feeling of exploitation as he realized he was having a naked runaway woman clean up the mess. He'd have to order her clothes. "How's that? Huh? Am I good maid or what?" Missy said.

"Or what," Leo replied. Missy grumbled. "Toss that out." He looked back to the doorway. "You get the couch." There was a clatter. Leo turned around to see what it was, but was instantly smothered in fuzzy fur. An odd bark sounded through him from her.

"Oh wow! See, I knew you were the guy! I knew we'd still be friends! Thank you, thank you, thank you! This is gonna be great!" Leo tapped on her side, causing her to pull back. "What a cool guy, Leo Lion! That's you!" He looked to the ground to find the cleaning implements discard and the crumbs spattered on the floor. Leo pointed at the brush and dustpan. "Oops." Missy cleaned up her second mess.

"Don't screw it up." Leo looked directly into Missy's eyes. "Please."

"Don't worry about it. I got this."

"I need to change."

"Yeah, I was thinking that. You are a little mean."

"Clothes, Missy."

"Oh. Ohhhhhhh." Missy nodded. "Privacy, right. I'll give you that." She totted out of the room, politely closing the door behind her with a smile. Leo collapsed on his bed, trying to ignore the horrible choice he just made. The man rolled onto his side to look at his computer. Still seemed intact at least. Listening to music on Youtube? Really? Leo shut his laptop, then rounded up the earbud cables. Once that was done, he quietly stowed the tainted tech away under his bed and fell back to the bed. He didn't even have the energy to bother undressing. He closed his eyes.
_

Leo woke up to find his room surprisingly untouched. The light in the room hadn't changed much, so he must've not have been out for too long. He looked over to the door. While his body wanted to move, what could he really do? Missy wasn't someone he wanted to deal with right now, especially since he had just given her free reign to live here. With him. How are you going to whip that carnivore into shape? Treats? Dog whistle? Sex? Leo shook his head. Don't be stupid. He couldn't do that.

It wasn't as though Missy were ugly. She had always been cute in her own way, despite her more... extreme features. It just felt wrong. She was too familiar, not quite family but on the periphery of a big part of his life. It was too big, actually. Leo rubbed his arm. He sat up quickly. Plus, she wasn't human. Who would even have a go at her like that? Well, if she was so easy to offer it, then... The thought annoyed him. Not only that she would offer it, but someone would take it. Better that she was here then, right? Fuck. Maybe it was.

Leo stood up and shuffled over to the door. This was becoming a bad routine. He peeked through to find Missy on the couch, watching television. Her head snapped back at him and she waved. Leo quickly shut the door, along with his eyes. That was going to take some time to get used to. Thank Christ she couldn't use door knobs. So what now? Actually try and be personable or sit in your room and do nothing? Both were terrible options. His stomach rumbled. It dawned on him that he skipped breakfast, lunch, and was now hurtling toward dinner. Reality was always there to push him back into line.

Calmly opening the door, Leo strode out into the hallway. He made sure to close the door. "So you got anything planned for dinner?" Missy said, not turning her attention from the visual drug in front of her. So now she was a mind reader too.

"Not particularly," Leo replied.

"What kinda man are you?"

"A slim one." Leo walked over to the kitchen. He noticed Missy was watching some cheesy action movie from the 90's. Lord above help him if she decided to started mimicking anything she saw on television. Leo opened the fridge to find it surprisingly untouched, though that made sense since most of the easily consumable junk food was stowed away in cabinets. He looked through his array of foods and settled on making a simple sandwich for now. Nothing to fancy lest it catches Missy's attention. Leo set out the ingredients and turned around, nearly jumping out of his skin as he did so. Missy was there, already examining him. "Christ," Leo said, placing a hand on his chest.

"Your hearing is that bad, huh?" Missy replied, looking over at his ingredients.

"Don't give me a heart attack. You're already taking years off my life." Leo shook his head and returned to his meal making.

"What'cha got there?" Missy said, sidling up to him. "Sandwich? Looking good."

"Unless you can make one, you're not getting one."

"Psh, I'm not hungry. Already went through your box of cheezits." Leo shut his eyes and struggled to keep his mouth shut. "Nah, I just wanna see what you're doing," Missy said.

"There's a flatscreen over there you're neglecting." Leo pointed back. He started slathering up the bread with condiments.

"I've seen Escape from New York ten times already, I can deal with it. Cool stereo system by the way. I thought you were a super square, but that's some good gear."

"Yeah?" Leo said mindlessly, focusing on the sweet release of food.

"You're gonna put muenster on that?" Missy asked, her large finger pointing at and coming dangerously close to his food.

"Yes. Yes I am." Leo continued. He nudged the plate away from her. 

Missy leaned in. "Ham too? Haven't you heard of turkey? I know you're not poor. You can afford the stuff."

Leo calmly placed his butter knife down. "Why are you here, exactly?"

"Hey, woah, I was just over here to check on my good friend Leo." She placed his hands on his shoulders. He watched her spindly fingers drape over his chest. "My savior."

"Savior Leo would just like to get a little food right now, OK?" he replied with a half baked smile.

Missy withdrew her hands, holding them up. "Sure, sure, no problem. As you wish, master." Leo's brow twitched, but he didn't want to keep the dialogue going. She walked off and hopped back on the couch. Hop with a capital H, as she slammed back onto it like a child. She could at least act her age. Leo finished up the rest of his meal just as his stomach growled again. He picked up the plate and turned around.

Wait. Where would he eat? The bedroom was out of the question. Crumbs would somehow materialize on the sheets. Living room? His eyes wandered over to Missy, who yawned. With her around? He might lose his appetite. His vision flicked over to the hallway. Bathroom it is, then. Leo chided himself for the stupid joke and walked over to the lounging chair. It was comfortable distance away from the couch, allowing him a modicum of relaxation.

It felt odd to watch TV out in the living room, even odder to have someone else commenting on it. "Just think, this guy was in Overboard," Missy said. Whatever that meant. Leo quietly munched away at his food as he watched action filled nonsense wash over the screen. "You know, the movie where the woman loses her memory?" And munching. "Then he tricks her into thinking she's his wife?" And munching. "You remember, for revenge?" And munching. "God, have you seen anything?"

"This is all garbage," Leo said in-between bites. 

"Nuh-uh," Missy said. She tossed a pillow at him that missed and fell to the floor.

"Pick that up." 

"Ugh. Do you have a single fun bone in your body?" Missy stomped over and swiped up the pillow. She gave him a stare and stomped back.

"I do when I'm not babysitting."

"Didn't we used to watch movies together all the time as kids? Remember? On DVD? I hope you remember that at least."

"I remember how much of a pain it was to watch anything because you'd have to sit through a hundred trailers." Leo leaned back in the chair.

Missy gasped. "That was the best part! You could get excited for so many things!"

"I don't watch movies for trailers, I watch them for movies."

"I bet you go to a movie theater exactly when the showing starts."

Leo looked over at her. "No, I don't. Movie theaters are miserable." His brow furrowed. "Plus, how do you know? Who would let you into a movie theater?"

"Side doors exist, you know."

Leo shook his head. "Figures. That's just like you."

"I would've bought a ticket if I could!" Another pillow flew across the room. "What do you expect me to do, beg on the street? Hello! One ticket to the research lab please!"

"No one would want to examine you, believe me. You'd annoy them to death." He paused. "Pick that up."

Missy strangely crawled over to the pillow, grabbed it, and rested on her knees. "Can't you say one nice thing about me?" she huffed. Leo tilted his head in confusion. "I mean, how am I supposed to be a better person if you keep putting me down, huh?" She hit his leg with the fluffy bedding.

"Easy!" He grabbed his plate off his lap. Leo looked down at her. That was fair, he guessed, but what was he supposed to say? You have surprisingly nice fur for a cryptid? Your teeth could shear through metal? You probably scare children pretty well? "You were a good friend." He frowned, did he say that? Missy's face turned into an excited smile that went a little too far. "Don't take that too seriously."

Missy scooted closer. "Go on, say more."

"That's all I've got," Leo said before taking another bite of sandwich.

"No fair!" Missy's expression soured. "I need at least one for the present!"

"Missy, let me ask you something."

"Shoot."

"When's the last time you did something good for someone else?"

"I cleaned--"

Leo held up his hand. "Without them asking you to do it."

Missy frowned and pulled the pillow to her chest. "You just want me to do stuff for you."

"No, but I do think it's fair in your position. What can I expect out of this relationship?"

Missy's demented smile quickly returned and she leaned forward. "So I'm like your wife now, right? Could you get me an apron at least?" She clasped her hands together and mock swooned. "I'll get your scrambled eggs in the morning and send you off with a kiss. Mwah. Just like when we played house!"

"You don't strike me as the marrying type, Missy," Leo replied. He was going to add 'worn out down there' too, but figured she didn't deserve that much of an insult. Still, he had to admit the faint memory of playing with plastic utensils with her was a fairly happy one. Unfortunately it made the current Missy seem all the worse.

"Who knows what kind of type I am? Heck if I know either." Missy shrugged, turning her attention back to the television. "It'd be nice to find out." Leo decided not to direct her back to the couch. The poor upholstery had already taken on its fair share of fur for the day.

Leo quietly finished off his food and promptly cleaned the dish afterward. Missy was still stuck to the television. Well, it seemed TV did have its benefits. Thank you, automated babysitter. Leo slunk off back into the hallway, past his bedroom, and into what was originally a guest room. Now it was more of an exercise room, with weights, an all too fancy stationary bicycle, and other miscellaneous junk that he could fit in. He took a moment to appreciate all the things his job could buy him, then moseyed on over to the bicycle.

A loud, televised explosion rang out in the other room. Leo shook his head. He briefly considered closing the door, but who knows what she'd get up to without supervision. He took a rag and wiped down the seat, then shrugged and wiped down the rest of the bike too. Nice and clean. Stepping over the thing, he parked himself on the seat and started mindlessly peddling. There was a screen on the bike that offered him a wealth of options from simulating real trails to monitoring how many calories he burned. None of that mattered, however, and he kept peddling on.

Random gunshots and explosions continued to sound off in the other room. If Leo didn't know any better, he might've assumed a full scale war was going on in the living room. Was the sound system really that loud? It was the first time he had ever heard it from here. The first time he had guests, really It was a good thing that the closest neighbors were a good half mile away, otherwise there would be little reason not for them to call the police on the sudden shootout across the way. Whatever, as long as she was distracted, it was fine. Just keep peddling.

Leo leaned forward and grabbed onto the handlebars. What to do with her? What was the end goal, really? You can't just fix her and put her back on the streets, Leo thought to himself. Missy was, in short, perfectly suited for staying at home. Could he blame her for being a leech? He nodded. She could be a nice leech. People used them as medicine and even as pets. Missy definitely had no medicinal properties and certainly wasn't a pet.

You could make her better, sure, but you would have to keep her forever or... make her leave again. His grip tightened on the bars. You don't know what kind of deal you just sealed yourself, buddy. The last one to seal the deal at that. No doubt the others were more accepting of her "bartering". Leo's mind cheekily pictured her in a less than proper scenario, legs open. His bicycling sped up.

Missy was at best, a loser friend, and at worst, a very annoying sloth. Sex with either of those was probably second to last on his list, just right above prostitutes. That's not to say she was repulsive, just that she was a detour away from human. A detour with a lot of potholes and tolls on it. Whoever she was staying with before must've been horribly desperate, lonely people. Leo blinked and looked around the room. Isn't that you? No, I'm not desperate. Oh, great, that's miles better.

Leo sighed and slowed down. Only then did he realize that world war three was no longer being held in his living room. "I was wondering what was in here!" Missy said from behind him. His head slouched. "Think we can get some handle doorknobs?" Leo slouched.

"What is it?" he asked, still trooping on. His legs were starting to feel a bit of that burn, or maybe that was just the presence of Missy.

"I'm just hangin' out, catching the scene."

"You found it. Here's the happening place. The exercise room," he said sarcastically. If only this bike actually moved.

Missy walked over to him, hefting up one of his weights. "You know, I didn't realize you exercised. Legit, I thought you sat at a computer all day. The slow dying way."

"Is that a compliment?"

"Uh, sure, yeah." Missy hefted up the weight with an exaggerated strain. It was then that he realized it was a ten pound dumbbell. "You got some tone to you." Her other hand squeezed his arm, much to his disapproval. "Not like the other guys at all."

"You already got the couch, Missy. Not much more I can give," he said, still biking on.

"Ugh." She bent over and set down the dumbbell. "Can you stop assuming I want something from you every time we talk?"

"You came to my house in the middle of the night begging to stay and you haven't given anything in return. What am I supposed to assume?" Leo shrugged and slowed down.

Missy shook her head. "Dude, what am I supposed to give? I already asked if you wanted to fuck, but noooooooo, you're too stuck up for that."

"Well, like I said, I don't need anything, so when you come to me it makes sense you want something."

"What if I just wanna catch up? It's been how many years and here you are with a bike up your ass, ignoring me."

Leo came to a halt. "I barely know you anymore, Missy! It's like you're a completely different person, and I'm just supposed to go along with that? With... whatever you are now?" Missy's eyes slightly widened. He sized her up before quietly returning to his biking.

Missy rounded the bike, crossed her arms, and placed them on the monitor. Her expression became downcast. "I guess we didn't start off right."

Leo looked straight ahead past her. "No, we didn't."

"Is 'I'm an idiot' a good excuse?"

"Not really." He sighed. "This is just like when you left the first time."

"Look"--she cast her eyes away--"I didn't think it would hit you that hard. I was just bored of the place."

There was a long pause until Leo asked, "Bored of me?" He stopped.

"No. Leo, I wanted to check out something new. Away from the town."

"Could've asked. I might've gone with you."

"I need my alone time too. Or did, when I was dumber." She scratched her head.

Leo shook his head. "Whatever. You think it's just fine for you to barge back in and try to be all buddy buddy?"

Missy sighed. "Leo, I still like you. I've always liked you. If I didn't, I wouldn't be here."

"Yeah? You went to the other guys first because you liked me so much, right?" Leo asked. He thought on that for a moment. She really did choose them over him.

"And how was I supposed to get to you first? Out of all of the guys back home, you're the only one who left the whole state." She held up her hand and waved it. "Gone."

Leo looked at her. "Alright." He looked down at the screen in front of him. "Sorry."

Missy pulled back. "Wow."

"Wow what?"

"Never expected you to say that."

"Missy." Leo frowned.

"My bad. You uh, want me to leave now?" Missy asked.

Leo had no response. He wasn't entirely sure what to say.

"I'll be going. Catch me on the couch if you need me, OK?" Missy said, retreating out of his vision.

Leo returned to his biking, a little more vigorously than before.
_

The day continued without much incident. Leo finished his exercise and retired to his room with a book to read. Missy was content eating up everything that the television spewed out, that was until, she came knocking upon his door. "Yo, Leo, you still awake?" she asked.

"It's only 6, Missy," he said, turning a page. So that's why they're called sperm whales. Huh. "What do you want?"

"Open the door, let's talk face to face."

Leo rolled his eyes and stood up. He walked over to the door and opened it. "Yes?"

"Hey, cool, what'cha reading?"

"A book on whale pods. Now what is it?"

"Cool, cool," she said, nodding a little too quickly. "Now uh, I know I told you that you shouldn't think I always want something, but, I really need something right now." She shifted on the spot.

Leo turned his head curiously. She was polite to ask for once? "What is it?"

"I need your laptop, super, super quick. Please?" She stepped closer. "Believe me, I just need it."

"Are you alright?"

"Not really, OK? This super sucks right now." She bared her teeth, lips quivering. "I just need it. I'm going to lose it if I don't. I'll give it right back. I promise."

"You mind telling me what you need it for?" Leo asked. He had to know now.

"If I tell you, I might fucking die from embarrassment. Just hand it over."

Leo pursed his lips. "Alright, fine." He turned around, only to be nearly pushed over to the side. Missy absconded with his laptop near instantly, slamming the door after her.

"Don't open that door!" she yelled. Leo annoyedly marched up to the door and quickly stopped. Whatever it was, it must've been important. She didn't toss a snide remark his way, nor a stupid joke. He carefully placed his ear up to the door. "Don't open it!" she yelled again, causing him to instantly back off.

"What for?" he yelled back. God, now he was doing it too.

"Shut up!" There was a cackling growl. The door handle stuck out, begging him to open it. Another pained growl came. No, it was probably for the best that it remained closed. He shuffled back over to his bed and tried to return to reading.

Whales travel all around the world with-- "Augh!" Many whales will exhibit familial-- "Yes!" Ahem. There's heavy evidence to suggest that whales once. A near shriek pierced through the air, causing Leo to nearly drop his book in surprise. It was like a crying fox being stepped on. Leo set his book down and moved back up to the door. Missy suddenly banged on the door. "Alright, you can have it back now."

Leo cautiously opened the door, half expected Missy to be covered in blood. "Here you go," she said, handing over his computer. It seemed to be in one complete piece, which was far more than he expected.

"Thanks." Leo took the laptop back and looked over Missy. Her hair was more ruffled than usual, but otherwise she seemed fine. Maybe breathing a little too quickly. "Everything go--"

"Yes, everything was fine. Go back to your fish book." She pushed the door shut again. Leo looked down at the computer in his hands. It felt filthy now. He had half a guess as to what she used it for. Demented curiosity pushed him back to the bed and sent him exploring through the computer. He glanced into the history and... nothing. Missy was smart enough to delete every trace of evidence off of it. She truly was a modern day monster. Leo shut the thing up and set it aside to be cleaned later. 

Leo glanced back up at the door. That was a little too sudden to be just a flare of arousal. Was she OK? If she wasn't, what was he going to do about it? He didn't need a sick leech, after all. Yes, that was the only reason. Hospitals weren't an option, and he didn't know any actual health professionals. The man got up and peeked through the door again. There was something pathetic about peeping out into the living room like a scared child in his own home. Be an adult. With a preparatory breath, Leo stepped out into the hall and walked over to the couch. Missy was back to lounging, as if nothing ever happened.

"Sup dude?" she said lazily.

"You alright?" Leo asked, focusing on the television. Real mature.

Missy stretched and flicked the channel. "Yeah, bored though. You see this shit on TV? Reruns far as the eye can see."

"What about earlier? With the computer?"

"Dude, you don't ask a girl something like that."

"Something like what?"

Missy sat up. Leo looked at her. "You don't ask a girl about her horny moments."

Leo stifled a laugh. "A girl's what?"

"What are you, twelve? You need a lesson?"

"I guess I do!" Leo said, crossing his arms. It was hard to wipe the amused smile off his face.

"I knew you were a virgin. Look, girls have needs sometimes. Otherwise it starts to hurt."

"Missy, no--" Normal was a bad word. "Human women don't get that."

Missy frowned. "What do you mean?"

"That's not part of human anatomy."

The monster looked away at the television with a frown. "Are you sure about that?"

"Absolutely."

"What about in porn--" Her eyes widened. "Those fucks were lying to me!"

"You think the pizza guy gets paid in sex too?" Missy raised a hand in annoyance.

"Missy flattened her ears. "This is weird." She leaned back. "I thought that was just a thing every girl got."

"What gave you that idea?"

"I don't have much reference, OK?!" Missy said a little too loudly. Leo's smile started to drop. "Fuck. Do you know every single one of them said that was normal?"

"Uh, who said that?" Leo said, sitting down on the arm of the couch. His expression hardened.

Missy tossed an arm up. "All those motherfuckers I stayed with!" She looked back to Leo, teeth starting to bare. "I feel so damned stupid. God, I'd hit them if I could. Fucking... Ugh."

The amusing nature of the situation dropped severely. Leo was almost as annoyed as she was, or so he assumed. He sat down next to her. For once, he actually felt bad. Though for once, this wasn't exactly her fault. "If it makes you feel any better, you can use my laptop to, you know--" He cleared his throat.

Missy inhaled sharply and turned to Leo angrily before dropping the fury. "Thanks." She slumped and rubbed her face. "God, I can't believe they would do that. I mean, yeah, we agreed to do it, but... it feels like they were doing a service." Stop making me feel so bad, damnit. Leo Inched over and carefully patted her on the back. "You're a dick, but at least you're honest," she grumbled. Leo decided to let that comment slide.

"I guess that's something," he said. Leo continued to pat her for quite some time as she moped.

"OK, OK, stop patting me like I'm a damn dog," Missy said as she sat upright. Leo quickly retracted his hand. "Thanks, though."

"Just forget about them. They fucked up and now they don't have you."

Missy smiled. That stupid smug grin. "I'm that desirable, huh?"

Leo sighed. "Let's just say it's a whole hell of a lot more interesting to have whatever you are around. That doesn't change the fact that you're a drain, though."

"An honest dick and a cool leech. We make quite the team," Missy replied, patting his shoulder. Not even in his niceties could he get a single break. "I'm surprised you think I'm that stupid."

Leo pulled back. "What?"

"You know, I had access to the internet. It's not hard to figure out what's human stuff and uh 'me' stuff."

"Are you serious, Missy?" Leo's expression soured.

"What? Gosh, sorry. I thought it would be nice to have some sympathy for once!" Missy said, smiling.

"Whatever, I'm going to make dinner." Leo stood up and walked over to the kitchen. Shouldn't have fucking bothered.

Missy yelled after him, "Can we have pizza?"

"We're having beef stew."

"I don't do liquids," Missy yelled back. She lay back down.

"We are having beef stew." He opened the cupboards and started laying out the ingredients.

"Why don't you just call us a pizza? Twenty minutes or it's free."

"They haven't done that in years, Missy."

"I'm sure the honest dick could scare the pizza boy into it. You sure won't be fucking him, I hope."

"Don't call me that, and sure as hell don't ever suggest that again." Why did you even bother trying to be nice?

"Alright, Leo Lion. Soup it is."

"Stew. There's a complete difference between them."

"No there isn't, don't be stupid. Stew is soup and soup is stew. They're water in bowls with other junk in them."

"Never mind," Leo mumbled. Heat. Water. Stock. Meat and vegetables.

"I'll have that bag of chips instead," Missy said. "Got any salsa?"

"You're having the stew or nothing at all."

"OK, Mom."

It took some time, but Leo got the cooking into gear. As much as he didn't want to admit it, Leo was somewhat excited that someone else would try his cooking for once. Who knew how Missy tasted things, though. For all he knew, she probably had the tongue of a dog and the palate of a opossum. All things considered, it was probably the first time she had anything remotely healthy in years. Another check mark on the path to sainthood, Leo figured.
_

Leo set two bowls out on the table. They were filled with a good helping of his own homemade stew. 'Dinner is ready' sounded too casual. "Food," Leo called out, and sure enough, Missy wandered over to the table and placed her hands on it, splaying out those creepy fingers. "Don't do that. Sit down, please." He pointed at an empty chair across from him, where he positioned the bowl.

"Ooh, 'please', that's a new one," Missy said, looking into the bowl. 

"No it isn't." Leo sat down and started eating. Not bad. Probably could've used a bit more salt, but he felt the meat and vegetables turned out perfectly.

Missy looked up at him. "Not gonna say grace?" She dipped a finger into the bowl and sampled it.

"You've never said grace in your life." Not even when the old folks would force you to, he added silently. He briefly imagined Missy back in that crummy seat, sat in front of a helping of potato mash, bib fastened around her neck even though she was nearing ten. Leo's thoughts returned back to reality. She probably needed the bib now more than ever. "Eat." Missy awkwardly grabbed her spoon and dipped it in the bowl. He carefully watched her reaction as she took her first sip.

"Hey, that's not bad." Leo's spirits lifted up. "I'm gonna have more." Missy let the spoon clatter to the table and quickly picked up the bowl and started downing the meal like a delusional frat chugger. Leo's spirits promptly fell down the drain. Missy gargled something incomprehensible from her wild consumption and lowered the bowl back down with a loud 'ah'. "Good stuff. Got anymore?"

"Could you never do that again?" Leo asked, watching what remained of his culinary art glisten down her chin.

Missy smiled. "What's wrong? It just means I loved it."

"Half of it is now in your fur."

"That just means it's stored away for later," Missy replied. Leo couldn't help but wince at that statement.

"Are you going to need a shower?" Leo asked. At first he meant it as an insult, but it quickly turned to a real question.

Missy tilted her head. "Oh yeah, guess I should. Been a while."

"Pick a towel and stick to it. It's yours. Also dry yourself off in the bath before you step out."

"Man, you act like I'm twelve." Not far off, apparently. "I know I agreed to being your slave, but could you ease up?"

"What do you mean, ease up? That's common courtesy! Anyone would do that."

"Hey, watch it, your stew is getting cold." Missy pointed at his bowl. Leo annoyedly took another spoonful. "Do you dry before you get out of the tub?"

"Yes."

"Oh." Missy's expression dropped, as if she really wasn't expecting him to say that. The cheeky grin quickly returned, however. "How about we make a challenge? It's a good one."

Leo considered stopping her right there on the spot, but honestly he wanted to see what dumb thing she would say next on the parade of annoyances. "Shoot," he replied, taking another spoonful.

"OK, so I know how you're a super prude, straight out of Catholic school, right?" Leo furrowed his brow and set down his spoon. "So here's the thing, if I can get you to sleep with me, you stop with the constant rules. That sound good?"

"What makes you think I'd agree to that?"

"Well duh, I'll stop bugging you about stuff if you win!" She started eyeing his bowl, and he quickly returned to eating it.

"I wouldn't trust you to do that."

"Not like it would be a problem because you're not gonna do it anyways, right?" She fluttered her eyes. Unfortunately, instead of looking cute, her wide eyes made it seem like she was getting ready to kill him. "Right?"

Leo shrugged. "Guess you're right."

Missy loudly clapped her hands together. "Right!" Her fingers curled around her palms. Eesh. "This is gonna be fun. Just you wait." Her eyes narrowed. "You're gonna wish you said no."

"No, I don't think I will," Leo said. Missy's eyes flicked to his food again. "You gonna take that shower any time soon?"

The beast snapped away. "Oh right. I should do that." She paused and stared at him before quickly dipping a finger into his bowl, licking the finger, and dashing off. "Bon apetit!" she yelled out. Leo grumbled and stared at the ruined meal. He should've seen that coming. The man tentatively dipped his spoon back in. Did she wash her hands after she was done with... that? He pulled the spoon back up to eye level. God, he hoped she did. He took a bite, not wanting to let good food go to waste. Next time he'd have to make something more solid.

With bated breath, Leo finished the rest of his stew, hoping that he wouldn't get some yet unseen disease alien to mankind. Poor suckers that screwed her probably had no end to whacky diseases, and now she wanted to do the same to him. Who did she think she was? Yeah, I'll get down to fuck you. No idea where you've been for over a decade but it should be cool, right? Sure, I had no plans this afternoon, only mindless sex. Leo placed his bowl in the sink and began to wash it. He supposed it was hard to blame her. It was still glaringly apparent she provided almost nothing meaningful other than a distraction from life's meandering pace. Sex was basically one step further. Still, the fact that she even considered it was--Leo stopped his scrubbing--It was difficult to accept, to say the least.

It was then that Leo realized the shower had shut off and he heard the bathroom door opened. Missy came around the corner and immediately started jabbering again. "Ahh, nothing like a good shower to work out all the bugs out of your fur," Missy said. Leo kept his eyes on the sink, but couldn't help shaking his head. "You think you could get some coconut shampoo?" She tottered a little closer to him. It was at that point he noticed she wrapped a towel around her body, then another one done up in her hair. Seriously?

"Coconut? Why coconut?" Leo asked.

"It's good for the fur and feels great."

Leo glanced over at her, noticing she was still damp. With the water shining off of her, she looked almost oily. "You're getting water all over the floor. Use the hair dryer."

"Uh, hello!" Missy stomped up next to him and waved her distended hands in front of him. "Does it look like I can use a hair dryer, genius?"

"Fine." Leo set the bowl down carefully but firmly. "Fine." He dried his hands. "Fine."

"You broke or something?"

"Let's dry you off before you leave a puddle in your wake."

Missy smiled. "Gee, I thought all girls left a puddle behind when they're with you."

Leo rolled his eyes. "Go."

"Alright, alright, jeez." Leo followed her into the bathroom. Probably the last room he expected to share with her. He dug around in the bathroom cabinet and pulled out a hair dryer, plugging it into the wall soon after. "You know, your hair is shorter than it used to be." Missy ran a finger through his hair. "I kinda liked it longer."

"Nobody else does, so it stays short." Leo flicked the thing on, and it came roaring to life. "Take off the towels so we can get started."

"Gosh, I've been waiting for you to say that," Missy said, fluttering her eyes. She ran her hands down her body, then let the towel slide off of her. "Mmh, that good?" she said, biting her lip.

"You really shouldn't annoy someone with a heavy metal object in their hand."

"Prude." She set the towel on the counter, then put the one on her head next to it. "Ready." Leo nodded and started to dry off Missy. It was surprising how fine and short her fur was, but it managed to cover her entirely. Almost hard to believe she was anything other than fur. A modern day Cousin Itt.

"The heat and power OK?" Leo asked. He grew a little braver and started gently running his fingers across the fur where he dried, making sure not a drop of moisture remained.

"Your hands are OK." Leo didn't bother with a response. "Sorry, yeah. That's good. Been a while since I got a dry, so, thanks. Really."

"You can thank me by behaving." Missy seemed to get the message and shut her maw. Leo continued to dry her. Her fur was a whole hell of a lot softer than he expected for something like her. Something that had massive teeth and large bounding limbs. He let his free hand return to his side as he went over her chest. Definitely didn't need any gags about that. Still, he made sure he was doing a good job and examined her closely for any trace of moisture. That was when he realized even her skin was also a near pitch black. Two nubs peeked out of her endless void of fur as he went over her breasts.

"Easy, that tickles," Missy said, in-between choking groans of what he could only assume was laughter. As casually as he could, Leo shifted the hair dryer away, only briefly lingering on her crotch before shutting the thing off. The bestial woman smoothed out her fur. "Warm and cozy." Leo set the dryer down just as he was assaulted with a gripping hug. A hug that wrapped all the way around him like a straitjacket. "Thanks again, Mr. Lion," she hummed. He was a little too stunned to reply. She pulled loose and watched him.

"You're welcome," he said after some time. Leo put away the dryer. The beast still stood there. "Yes?" Missy didn't budge. She placed a finger on her chin, which looked goofy with her proportions. "Hello?" Missy reached out with her other hand, placing her hand on his scalp and gently rubbing him. He furrowed his brow, completely confused. "What are you doing?" Missy hummed for a moment. She looked as though she were in some sort of trance. This continued on for a moment longer, then she suddenly pulled away causing him to flinch.

"See you later," Missy said, scampering off. The television turned off soon after. Leo looked back and shook his head. Could've been worse, he supposed.
_

"OK!" Missy started. "Bedtime!" She was sitting on his bed, holding one of his pillows.

"Right, so head on over to the couch," Leo replied, motioning back at the living room.

"Nope. You already forgot about our deal? I get you to sleep with me! It's part of the challenge, c'mon." She patted the bed down, beckoning him over.

Leo's eyes narrowed. That definitely wasn't part of the challenge, but he wasn't going to bother arguing with her logic. "Fine, but you better take up the couch when you fail."

"Sure, suuuuuuure." Missy nodded slowly. "Will do, buddy. You got it." Leo hesitantly sat down on his side of the bed, taking up as much of the edge as he could. "So how about some TV before bed?"

"Didn't you watch that all day?" Leo asked, pulling the sheets over him. Normally he wouldn't sleep with a shirt on, but he felt vulnerable with Missy in the same bed as him, as embarrassing as that thought was.

"What? You really just lay here"--she lay back and looked up at the ceiling--"and just wait to sleep?" She looked over at him. "Boring, dude. Boring."

"Light from the TV messes with your--"

"Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah."

"Fine, watch your television. Only going to make it harder for you."

Missy gladly flicked on the television. "So, I was thinking," she started. "How about we make it a little more... interesting?"

Leo peeked over at her. "What? What do you mean by that?"

"I was thinking." She scooted over to him. The white of her eyes glinted in the television light. Eesh. "How about, say, at ten, I get thirty minutes to get you to sleep with me."

"And? That only makes it even harder for you, idiot," Leo replied.

Missy waved a hand. "Sure, sure, but I wanted to add another layer to the deal."

"What? I get even more out of this? Perfect." He rolled his eyes.

"Mhmm. You get to do whatever rules you want, but"--she held up a finger--"if I win, I get to sleep in this bed whenever I want." She smiled. "That sound good?"

Leo shrugged. "Sure, but you can't force me."

"Yeah."

"And you can't pull my clothes off."

"Perish the thought."

"And you don't pull out of the deal."

"Me? A coward? That's pretty mean, dude."

"It's a deal then," Leo replied. Missy stuck her hand out for a shake, Leo promptly turned back over. 

An annoyed smack came down on his shoulder. "What's a deal if you don't shake on it?"

"I already gave my word. I won't go back on it."

Missy giggled. "You better," she breathed into his ear, sending chills down his spine.

Leo swatted back at the air. "Don't do that again," he said, rubbing his ear.

"I'm just getting you ready for the full course, dear."

So the pair lay there in bed. Missy was back on her television while Leo stared at the wall, waiting for the clock to hit ten. Occasionally he would sneak a peek at the television out of sheer boredom, but mostly remained stoic in his bored staring. Missy must've had something planned. She was acting far too cocky not to have something up her long, long sleeve. Maybe her monstrous species had some sort of ability to release pheromones. It was an absurd thought, sure, though her entire existence was absurd. She could do anything, and he wouldn't even expect it. Tick tock.

The clock hit ten. Not that Leo knew that, no, instead Missy shouted, "Let's get started!" She shut off the television and rolled up next to him. She was warm and soft, like a fluffy pillow. If anything that made him less aroused.

"Going to have to try harder than that."

"Oh," Missy whispered. "I will, Leo. I will." She wrapped an arm around him, keeping it squarely on his torso. He honestly expected to have to shoo him off of his crotch. She purred, poorly mimicking a cat. Then she let out a groan as she stretched.

"Thirty minutes," Leo said shifting onto his back. He couldn't help but smile at her poor attempts. Probably never had to deal with a guy with his head on straight. Nope, those petty tactics wouldn't work on him. 

"Shh, shh." Missy's arm slowly moved across his chest, her forearm settling on his shoulder, then her hand easing onto his head.

Leo looked at her limb. It was creepier up close. "You have a pretty bad idea of foreplay."

Missy hummed softly. It reverberated through him, surprisingly relaxing him. That's not sexy, though, so he was still winning. Hmph. "You know, Leo, you've got a pretty comfy bed," Missy said. Her words were drawn out and relaxed, like she was just teetering on the edge of reality and dreams. That sounded good. Leo snuggled into his pillow with a nod. Memory foam had its advantages. She yawned. That was a little too hard to resist, so he gave a small yawn of his own. Not long after, she started running her fingers through his hair, playing with every strand. Her fingers were gentler than he imagined. They did look like daggers when viewed from specific angles, so it was hard to picture that she could handle anything carefully. It was... nice. Missy? Nice? He would've laughed had he not been so tired. It must've been a long day.

Missy's velvet hand changed from playing to simply rubbing. Now he was the animal, huh? It didn't feel too bad, he guessed. Missy's head inched closer. Leo could feel her soft, warm breath blow past his neck. "Vargen ylar i nattens skog." What? That sounded ridiculous but-- Leo blinked. His eyes became heavier. It seemed familiar. Missy came closer, her wet nose brushing up against his skin. "Hon vill men kan inte sova," she hummed. What was it? Closer. "Hungern river i henne varga buk." Something a while ago that was... His eyes closed. Missy's nose trailed up his neck, nudging at the edge of his ear. "Och det är kallt i hennes håla." Each word dropped into his body. Every syllable easing his nerves.

"Missy?" Leo whispered.

"Du varg du varg, kom inte hit." Missy pulled him close. "Ungen min får du aldrig."
_

Leo awoke to the calm sunlight shimmering in through his curtains. His body, while well rested, felt incredibly heavy. He stretched, trying to get his muscles into gear, but was quickly pulled back in by the embrace of his comforting bed. The man scanned his room, or as much as his heavy eyes would let him. Where was Missy? A better question was, what happened last night? He certainly didn't... Nah, he couldn't have. For once in his life, he pulled his sheets up to his neck. Was his bed always this good?

A curious rattling stirred Leo from his rest. He opened his eyes to find Missy standing in his doorway, wearing that red shirt again. Her hand firmly shoved into a box of cereal. She pulled out a handful of cereal and shoved it into her mouth. "Shleep good?" she said, sending crumbs every which way. Leo only narrowed his eyes and turned away. Not now. He could hear her step closer. "So now that I won the bet." More rattling. "I get the bed too." He could feel the bed sink. Wait, what?

Leo looked back at her. There she was, on his bed, getting crumbs on his sheets. "What do you mean you won? We didn't f--" Ahem. "You didn't sleep with me."

Missy pulled her hand free. "Sure I did." She shoveled more food down her gullet. "I got you to sleep right next to me." She motioned toward the empty side of the bed with the cereal box and smiled. "You slept like a baby. Kinda cute." She smiled. "Best sleep I've had in a while too."

"No." Leo rubbed his eyes. "You meant sex."

"I meant sleep." Missy shrugged.

Leo sat up. "No, Missy, when you said sleep you meant sex."

"If you wanted to fuck, could've just asked."

"Missy."

"Hey dude, just admit you lost." She turned around and crawled over to his side, still clutching that damn box. "Keeping your word and all." She picked out a bit of cereal and slowly put it in her mouth.

"You really are the worst, you know that?" Leo said, shaking his head. No doubt, he did agree to simply 'sleeping' with her. Frankly it was his fault for not realizing it sooner. Missy wouldn't say something so polite. Sleep with. Hah, she would've called it fucking or given it some more colorful euphemism like 'hiding the hotdog'. Missy continued to nibble away at individual grains of cereal. "Not going to drop it, are you?"

"Nope." She snuggled into the pillows. "So you gonna follow through on your word, or pussy out?"

"So we both know you meant something different, but I still have to hold up my end?" At least it was a good sleep.

"Hey, if I lost I would've held up my own end." She patted his shoulder. "Don't be a sore loser. We can fuck some other time, bud."

Leo gritted his teeth. "Don't eat in bed." He considered asking her to take off his shirt too but didn't want an insufferable joke about undressing. He fell back and turned away from her. How could you be so goddamn stupid? He writhed in his idiocy for a little bit longer, still enjoying the lull of sleep he was still in. How was she so good at that? Where was that... whatever she was saying from? He rubbed his eyes again. As good as it was, he couldn't stay in bed all day. Not with Missy lounging in it. He got up, walked over to a rack, and pulled down his towel.

"Want me to join you?" Missy asked.

"No."

"Boring." The television flicked on, and Leo retreated to the bathroom.
_

Granola bar, check. Binoculars, check. Notepad, check. Some bait, check. Blanket, check. Leo zipped up the bag, slinging it over his shoulder. "I'm going for a walk," Leo called out. He placed his hand on the front door's knob.

"Hey! I'll join you," Missy yelled back. There was the sound of fumbling, then Missy came scampering over to him. "I need some sun on my skin."

"Hold on, what if someone sees you. What are you going to do?" He pointed to himself. "More importantly, what am I gonna do?"

"Check these out." Missy wiggled her ears. "I'm gonna hear anyone from a mile away."

"You don't even know where I'm going."

"Huh." She rubbed her chin. "Gee, I guess you'll just be walking into town, right? C'mon dude, I'm not that dumb. Let's screw around in the woods like we used to. It'll be fun!" She patted his arm.

"Whatever. Just bolt if someone comes."

"Aye aye, Sir." Missy mock saluted.

"Do you really have to wear that shirt?"

Missy hooked a finger into the neck of her shirt. "Want me to take it off, huh?"

Leo frowned. Knew it. "Forget it." He opened the door and stepped outside, quickly closing and locking the door behind Missy as she also stepped out. The man turned around and took a moment to appreciate nature. The rustle of the trees as a gentle breeze ran through them. The distant calls of birds. The simple open feeling of being outside.

"Man, it's hot out here." And all of it was gone. Leo sighed and began walking off with Missy in tow. The ground, while still mostly covered in foliage, had slowly given away over the years as he walked this trail. Leo tried to ignore the beast behind him and simply enjoy the sights. "So, hey, I got a question." As much as he could enjoy them.

"What is it?" Leo asked, still marching on.

"Why are you out here?"

"I just wanted to walk."

"No, stupid. Why are you living out here?"

A good question. Why was he out here? He silently looked out at the expanse of forest before him. No doubt he enjoyed it, but it wasn't something he was exactly looking for. "It's just a nice place, I guess."

"That doesn't sound like a 'you' answer, but sure, whatever."

"Why are you out here, then?" Leo replied. He watched a squirrel scurry past. Poor thing must be worried about the horrifying monster.

"For you, of course. Why else? You think I like crossing state lines? Let me tell you, getting a ride from the guy who kicked you out is not easy. Especially not that far."

"So how many handys did it cost, huh?" Leo asked.

"Oh quit it, prick. I'll just say I had a stern word with him. Crumpled just like that."

"You don't seem like a stern person."

"Well I guess we both learned something today."

Leo continued along the makeshift trail, listening to the dead leaves crunching underfoot. He noticed that Missy was relatively silent as she walked along. She was some sort of predatory creature, so it made sense. Having something silently stalk him, however, was somewhat unsettling. Even if Missy would be screwed without him, he had no idea what was going through her head most of the time. Maybe she'd decide to tear out his jugular. He looked back at her. Missy was waving around a stick she picked off the ground. Never mind, she couldn't do that.

"Hey, you mind handing over one of those bars?" Missy suddenly asked.

"What bars?"

"Bro, I can smell them. Just one, c'mon. I'm dying over here."

"You had nearly a whole box of cereal."

"I'm a growing girl."

"Growing pain." Leo reached inside his bag to retrieve a granola bar. He placed it in Missy's greedy outstretched hands.

"Thanks!" Missy tore the packaging open with her teeth and shoved the whole thing into her mouth, swallowing it with one gulp. "Delish." She let the wrapper flutter to the ground.

"Pick that up, Missy. We're not leaving trash behind."

"OK, Smokey Bear." She picked the thing up, crumpling it and handing it over to Leo.

"Smokey Bear is for forest fires."

"Whatever."

The path dipped lower and lower until they came to a stop at a small rest area. It was essentially a patch of dirt that Leo dragged a log onto for a simple bench. He sat down and Missy soon followed, settling in right next to him. "So now that we're going to be sleeping together--" Missy started.

"No, not right now. I don't want to talk. Just enjoy the outside."

"OK, fine, Pocahontas." She would never run out of those. Missy shrugged and looked out at the scenery with a yawn. "This is how you get your kicks, huh?" she mumbled. The trees waved with another breeze. It was a nice day out, honestly. There was a nice nip in the air, keeping things cool. Perhaps a little too cool, but it was good to get a heap of fresh air every now and again. For a moment, all of Leo's troubles disappeared. Well, more like one problem which was sitting next to him. Sleeping together. God, he fucked up. What else was she going to do? Close your eyes-- No, don't do that in front of her. Just relax.

There was a slight rustling in the bushes. Leo looked at it, trying to see what creature lurked within. Then, in a split second, a black blur pounced on the shrubbery and tore out whatever was inside. "Christ!" Leo said with a flinch. It was only until Missy was standing in front of him, grouse in mouth that he realized what had happened. "Warn me next time, would you?" Leo said. Missy looked at him, then down at the thing in her jaws. The bird was completely still, blood trickling down its side. 

Missy looked around the forest innocently then shrugged. "Sorry," she said plainly, muffled by the fowl. 

Leo shook his head. He pulled out the blanket, then stood up. "Spit it out," he said, spreading out the blanket. Missy let the grouse fall into the blanket, upon which Leo quickly wrapped it back up. A little big, but it should fit in the pack. "I guess that's dinner."

The beast took her seat and wiped her mouth with her arm. Leo wasted no time starting the trail again once his backpack was situated properly. "Are we going already? Can't we take a longer break?" Leo didn't reply. She could stay if she wanted to. "I'm dying over here!"
_

Leo continued along the trail. His enjoyment was dampened a small amount. The fresh air started to stale. Why him of all people? Couldn't those losers keep their friend with benefits? Whatever. His spirits started to rise as the foliage gave way to a small, serene lake. The smell of pine cones lingered on the air as they grouped up by the shore. He had always planned to get a small boat out here, but pulling it down, setting up a small dock, and making sure it wasn't stolen were all too much of a hassle. No, it was better he simply looked on in delight. Might be good for fishing, as the still water was dotted with small waves from beneath pecking at the air.

"Hey, jeez, could've waited up!" Missy called out. Just ignore her, she'll shut her trap. "Hey, I'm talking to you." She tapped on his shoulder.

"What is it?" Leo said, tossing a stone out into the lake.

"You alright?" Missy asked. She asked that? 

"I'm fine." For the most part. "You really had to jump on that thing?"

Missy stepped back. "It's not like I'm a-- It's not like I'm normal. You could've guessed that."

"You're smart though, aren't you?" He flung the next stone. It splashed halfway into the lake. "You aren't just an animal."

"Smart has nothing to do with it. I hear, I smell. I've got to do it." There was a pause. "It's like when guys are horny, they just have to jack it, right?"

"Your analogies are terrible." He sighed. "Couldn't you have gone to anyone else?"

"For the last time, Leo. No."

Leo continued to fling rocks into the lake. Nothing else to say. He always suspected that she was a little more feral than she let on. If she couldn't change that, then it was something he'd just have to get used to. She was his problem now anyways. It was almost like he was saving the world in a way. Keeping her from murdering innocent townfolk. A stupid idea, but it was better than being some moron who was treating a monster as a friend. An old friend.

"It's nice out here," Missy said finally.

"Yeah."

"Kinda reminds me of the forest back home."

"...Yeah."

"I guess it makes sense you would live here."

"Not really."

"What?"

"The town is a few miles out. It takes me an hour to get to work. I'm nothing like the residents. Doesn't make any sense that I'd be out here." He flung another stone. "I could just find a nice park in the city."

"Then why did you?"

"I don't know." Now that Missy was here, he almost felt like he knew why he did. Almost. Maybe he'd never really know. "I don't really care anymore either."

"You wanna head back?" Silence. "Leo?"

Leo threw one last stone and looked back at the trail. "Yeah."

"You really gonna lug that bird around in your pack?"

"Funny question from the girl who killed it. Don't you want to eat it?"

"Not really."

"Well, too bad."
_

"Do I really have to do this?" Missy asked, holding up the plucked grouse.

Leo nodded. "You killed it. You prepare it."

"I'm not a cook. What the hell am I supposed to do with this?" She shook the thing around. Good thing it was already cleaned or else there would be a mess of red all over the kitchen.

"You're an adult, it's time you learned."

"Oh, I get it. It's because I'm a girl." Missy set the thing down on a cutting board. "I don't do the whole 'cooking' thing." She splayed out her hands. "See? Completely impossible to use with cooking." She smiled. "So why don't you do it?"

Leo shrugged. "Looks like you've got all the kitchen implements you need with those."

"What?"

"So long as you actually washed your hands, those should be good cutting knives."

Missy quickly pulled her hands behind her back. "No they aren't."

"Just gut the thing and I'll do the rest."

"Ugh, fine." Missy turned back to the fowl and stared at it. "Well?"

"You really don't know anything, huh?"

"No! I told you already!" 

"Fine. Here. Let's start with the head." Leo moved up next to her and ran his finger just below its gullet. "Here. Cut here."

"Ugh, do I have to? This is going to be so gross."

"Should've thought about that before you stuck your teeth in it." Missy groaned. "Now, be careful. Don't want to cut too deep." She cut just below the thing's neck. "Now the neck proper.

"Here?" Missy asked with a wince. She traced a claw across its gullet.

Leo gently grasped her hand and moved it a little lower. "Here." Missy plunged her claw into it. "Carefully. Don't want to cut the crop."

"Blegh." Missy traced her finger around the thing's neck. Leo knew her claws were sharp, but she had almost no trouble getting through the thing's flesh, like she was cutting hot butter. "Is that enough?"

"Yeah, good." Leo unconsciously took her other hand to demonstrate. "Now you wanna pull the whole thing off."

"God, are you serious?"

"How do you think they do it?"

"They put it on a huge conveyor belt and let machines do it. Saw it on TV."

"We don't have a gutting machine. Just pull." Leo gently tugged on her hands in the proper motion. "Like that. It'll pop off." Her hands were as soft as  the rest of her. It was with his touching that he realized her fur started to shorten at the fingertips and that her skin was almost as black as her fur. He hastily pulled his hands away.

"Pop? I'm gonna hurl." Missy awkwardly grabbed the thing's neck and gave a firm tug, audibly stressing herself. Indeed, it popped. She yelped and let go of the head, letting it fall onto the floor. The fowl's eyes stared back at her. "Did you hear that? It slapped against the floor. This is so gross."

"Wouldn't have done that if you kept a firm grip on it." Leo picked the thing off the floor and tossed into the garbage. "But hey, it's still in one piece."

"You do this now. My hands are covered in bird grease." Missy held up her claws for emphasis. "Can't we just go get McDonald's? I won't kill anything anymore, please."

"We're not going to let the bird go to waste. You hunt something, you either eat it, wear it, or display it." He walked back up to the grouse. "Now pick."

"Fine, alright, jeez. You really are Pocahontas." She turned back around to the bird. "We're never going on a walk again."

"You're never going on a walk again." He pointed to the tail. "Chop this whole thing off." Missy effortlessly plunged her claw through the thing, lopping it off in one smooth motion. "See, you've already got the hang of it." Hesitantly he grabbed her hands again. "Shove a finger in here."

"In its ass? You sure this is legal?" Missy said with a barking laugh. She sliced into it. "Now what?"

"Now we make a real hole."

"No comment," Missy replied. Leo guided her again until the hole was big enough to shove a hand into.

"Looks like we didn't cut the intestines, now--"

"How the hell did you learn how to do this?" Missy asked.

"I looked it up."

"You go to the store like a normal person, don't you?"

"And a normal person is screwed if the store is closed." He reached into the bird and started pulling the intestines out.

Missy wretched, which sounded like a dog choking on a bone. "Oh my God. Seriously?"

"Seriously." Leo scooped out the guts and set them aside.

"You are not keeping those. Get the fuck out."

"I want to use it as fish bait."

"Fucking hell, and I thought I was the animal." She gagged again. "Alright, we're done now, right? No more of this? I don't want to look at a bird ever again."

"Fine. Wash your hands first."

"Way ahead of you." Missy moved over to the sink and started washing her hands vigorously. Once she had finished and dried off, she gave the grouse one last look, sneered, then walked off. Most of the work was already done, all he needed was to carve up the rest of it. He opened the cutlery drawer. All of his knives seemed so dull in comparison to her claws.
_

"I'm still up for McDonald's," Missy said, looking down at her plate. "Or Wendy's." She gave it a sniff and a prod.

"That factory junk doesn't compare to fresh fowl," Leo replied, cutting into a seared breast of grouse. "Go on, eat. You caught it after all."

"That was a flinch, bro. I don't just tear things to shreds to eat their guts."

"Guess you're lucky then, because you don't have to eat the guts." He took a bite. Perfect. Perhaps a bit too much salt though.

"I guess you googled how to gut the thing, but how does a desk slave become a cook too?" Missy asked. She tore off aa piece and ate it. "Hey, this is pretty good. Maybe it was worth it."

"I'm not a desk slave," Leo replied. "I help manage internet domains."

Missy propped her head up on the table. "I don't know what that even means."

Leo pointed his fork at her. "It means I help manage websites and make sure they pay to keep them."

"So you're like an internet repoman. Wow, that sounds super futuristic!" He wasn't entirely sure if she was serious or mocking him.

Leo took another bite. "Have you ever had a job?"

"Does it look like I can have a job?" Missy replied. "Would you like fries with that stupid question?"

"You could do online work from home."

"I'm not a U.S. citizen either, you know."

"You were born in the U.S. but-- Yeah, I guess not." What an odd thought. "At least you don't have to pay taxes."

"But on the other hand I can't vote. Tsk, tsk." She started taking larger bites of meat, now holding the whole chunk. "Really though, how did you learn how to cook like this?"

"It's something to do. That's part of life, learning to improve yourself and doing new things."

"You sure?" Missy stared at the meat, then suddenly got that annoying smile. "Did it to get yourself a girl, huh?"

"You're the only person who has eaten my cooking, Missy." It was kinda pathetic when he put it like that.

The smile slowly disappeared. "Well, it's good at least. That's all I can say." She sipped a glass of water. "But if it makes you feel any better, I've never had a partner."

Leo furrowed his brow. "What? That's not what I meant. I've had girlfriends."

"So you're not good at relationships then," Missy said with a tilt of the head.

"I didn't say that either." Leo shook his head.

"I mean, you had many, and now you have none, so."

"Fine, whatever, sure, I'm not good at relationships."

"Sorry." That was a new one. Now he was thinking it.

"It's... fine." She really said sorry? He let the air clear a little. "You've never had a boyfriend-- or I guess, girlfriend too?"

"Just boyfriend. I've had to munch a carpet or two for a couch to crash--"

Leo held up his hand. "You don't need to go that in-depth, Missy. Seriously."

"Really? I thought dudes loved girl on girl stuff."

"Not when we're eating."

"Oh." Missy stuck out her tongue, which was probably supposed to come across as sexual, but its absurd length made it seem more grisly.

"Missy, please. Don't."

"Ugh, alright, fine, fine." She took another bite of grouse. "No, I've never had a boyfriend, but can you blame me? I don't get out much."

Leo shrugged. "Maybe try a mating call."

"Oh haha, very funny. Maybe you should go on tinder, dork."

"What's a tinder?" Leo asked.

"I don't even know how to respond to that, dude."

"I'm just saying, if there's more of you out there, maybe they use a mating call too. Might get lucky is all," Leo said. Hopefully they wouldn't also follow the high school dropout attitude that Missy had. "It's probably easier than romance."

Missy lowered her food. "That's pretty shallow, don't you think?"

"What, and fucking people for a room isn't?"

"That's for survival. If I'm gonna get together with someone, I'm not gonna knock them right off the bat with a 'do you wanna do it?'" Fortunately that already moved Leo himself from the equation. Missy didn't seem like a very happy girlfriend type, so he wasn't sure who would even want to date her. "Believe me, I've thought about this shit."

"Alright, I believe you." Though what were her long term plans? He had already mostly accepted that she wasn't leaving, but he couldn't stay with her forever. Maybe somewhere back in his mind he was hoping there would be a settlement of other gangly monsters, as silly as it was. Though at this point, Missy was... Leo looked at her as she tore apart cooked bird. She was a little too human now, perhaps. Who knew if her peoples had a civilization, let alone a culture.

"Quit looking at me like that. You look like you're gonna eat me."

"Like I'm going to eat you?" Leo laughed. "Which one of us has the knives for nails here?"

"Which one of us expertly knew how to gut a chicken?"

"It's a grouse, and it's not as though I know how to gut whatever you are."

"Wolficus."

"Yeah, yeah, alright. I haven't even thought about that in years."

"Don't want to forget your childhood. Just look how boring adulthood is. You're reeeeeeaaaaaaaally lucky to have me, you know?" She shoved the last of the grouse into her mouth, horking it down like a bird would with a fish.

"Yeah, super lucky. Indeed."

Missy gave a content sigh. "Anyways, I'm off for bed." She leaned forward. "See you there." She stood up and walked off.

"Put your plate in the sink!" Leo called out.

"No more rules, Leo!"

"No more rules," he mocked. That wasn't exactly how the deal went but whatever. Leo took his time with the rest of the meal, not because it was enjoyable, no, but rather he realized his one real refuge had also been claimed by Missy. He sighed and ate the last piece of grouse. At least you didn't die in vain, poor fowl. He took his and Missy's plate to the sink, quickly washed them, and made the slow march back to his room.

"Welcome to my abode, human," Missy said, presenting the bed.

"Are you some kind of monster lurking in a lair now?"

"Sure. This side of the lair is free." She patted it repeatedly. "It's cozy, believe me, I've tested both sides."

"Stick to your side."

"Gosh, it's like we're a real couple now, with sides!"

Leo didn't respond. He just settled into bed and turned away from her. Of course, she was watching television. He regretted ever having put the thing in here. Why did he even get one? Just because everyone else on the planet had one in their room? Maybe he could hang up some fine art instead. That'd give something Missy to gawk at.

"Why not enjoy your time, Leo? You've got work tomorrow," Missy said, poking at his back.

"It's exactly why I need to get my rest."

"You're Mr. Perfect at work, I'm sure you can let up just this once. Relax, guy."

"Nah, I need to keep up the routine." He looked back. "Why do you care anyways?"

"I'm gonna be sharing a bed with you, aren't I? I'd like it to be someone fun. Looks like I got the grinch."

"Oh shut up."

"Why don't you take off your clothes? You look like a doofus sleeping like that." She prodded at him again.

Leo refused to admit his embarrassment. "Alright, fine." He pulled his shirt off, then awkwardly pulled his pants off under the sheets. Leo bundled the two garments together and pushed them out onto the ground. He could collect them for cleaning later.

"Why are you so afraid of taking your clothes off? Look at me, I'm nude twenty four-seven. Don't see me complaining."

"I'll shave you then."

"Come on Leo, we used to bathe together when we were younger."

"I certainly don't remember that."

"Well you better believe it, buddy."

"You've changed since then anyways. It's not the same."

"So have you! It's why I want to get to know you better."

"Do you really?" Leo asked sincerely.

"We're going to be living together, so duh."

"You should know that take up the whole bed while I sleep."

"It's a battle, then."

Leo didn't bother answering. Hopefully not a losing battle. He closed his eyes, blocked out the noise, and tried to sleep.
_

Leo slowly awoke. Something was off. It was the dead of night and he was still on his side. What was the issue? He slowly turned around to find Missy laying there, loudly snoring in a growly sort of way. Oh, right. It was the first night he had to spend with her. Surely she was much better asleep, but it had been quite some time since Leo had actually shared a bed. Not as though he used the whole thing anyways. He sighed. Despite being hard to make out in this light, he could still pick out some of her cuter features like her curly hair and animalistic snout.

It wasn't really Missy if she wasn't spouting something dumb every second. His gaze lingered on her body. A sense of curiosity swirled around in his mind. What made Missy into the creature before him? Not that he had any choice in the matter, but it made him wonder what had made this mythical creature of the night into a sarcastic and chipper housemate. It wasn't the rambunctious little girl who would wipe ketchup on her dress, or who would jump off trees to chase away cats. It wasn't like Leo knew if any of those memories could even to be trusted, though. She was now a twenty something nobody who spent her time wasting it and getting off.

Leo looked at her for a little longer. There was still that voice in the back of his head wondering if she was real. No doubt it was a shock to have over a decade of denial smack you right back in the face, smiling all the way. He turned over and closed his eyes. What would it have been like if they hadn't parted? Who knew. Missy could be the bad egg and he'd be worse off, or she could have been a decent roommate. Didn't matter anymore. 

_

Leo awoke properly, just before his alarm went off. He quickly slammed his hand down to shut it off a mere second after it started. Leo got up and stretched, then quickly glanced back to see if Missy was there. Surprisingly she was gone. Certainly she would've had some bad joke prepared. "Was it as good for you as it was for me?" Missy said from the doorway. There it was. Leo looked back at her.

"Good morning to you too, Missy," he said with a frown. "Already got a head start on your lounging for the day?"

"You could say something like that, I guess." She stepped to the side to reveal her hand, which was holding a bowl. "Maybe even better!"

"What's that?" Leo asked incredulously.

"Cereal. What, you thought I could make something else?"

"Just don't eat too much, alright? My shopping list is already filling up." He rubbed his face.

Missy rolled her eyes. "The cereal is for you, dork. I don't even like milk." She walked over and nearly shoved the bowl into his hands. It was cereal alright. Somehow it wasn't completely screwed up either.

Leo furrowed his brow. "Thanks."

"You're very welcome." Missy gave a big grin. "Now I'll get to that lounging." She walked off.

Surely something had to be off about the meal, but Leo wasn't about to deny one of the few gifts he would ever receive from Missy and quickly downed the whole thing. He stood up, remembering the pile of clothes he tossed down and was now standing on. Leo sighed, picked up the clothes, and headed on his way to start his routine. Clothes into closet. Bowl into sink. Dodge Missy in the hallway. Into the bathroom. Quick shave. Shower. Done.

Leo walked back into his bedroom. Missy was naturally there, taking up space on his bed. "Find any good napping spots for today?" he asked, dressing himself for work.

"Yeah, this one." Missy rolled onto her stomach. "You wear a uniform to work? You got like, ten of the same shirt."

"No, it's not a uniform, it just looks presentable." He looked to her. "Stay out of my drawers."

"Aw man, you should've said closet. That would've been so much funnier."

"You gonna stay in bed all day?" Leo asked. On one hand, that sounded like the absolute perfect way to make sure she didn't cause trouble, and on the other hand, he didn't like the idea of her rolling around in his sheets while he was at work.

"What's it to you?" Missy asked.

"It's my house after all. I want to know what the damage is gonna be when I get back." He finished buttoning up his work shirt and adjusting the cuffs.

Missy spread herself out on the bed. "It's my house now too, buddy, why would I want to fuck it up?" she asked.

"You work in mysterious ways, Missy. How would I know?"

"Not that dumb. Now go on and bring home the bacon, big guy. I'll keep the homestead secure." She gave a mock salute and placed a pillow over her head. All he could ask for, really. If only she did that when he was around.

Leo stood up and checked everything he needed was on his person. Perfect. He opened his mouth to say goodbye and paused. That was weird. It felt both wrong to say it, and wrong not to say it. "I'll be back," he said simply.

"Sure thing, Arnie. See ya," Missy said with a wave.

"Don't suffocate under there," he replied. With that, Leo walked off, straight out onto his porch. He firmly shut the door, telling himself he was sealing off a terrible beast from the world. Door locked, handle jiggled to make sure, and done. Onward to work with a prayer.
_

Despite having worked only a few days ago, it felt like an eternity since Leo had been busy. This could hardly be called work anyways. More like a paid vacation away from Missy, he said to himself with a chuckle. The workload was relatively light, allowing his thoughts to wander as he tapped away at his keyboard. He glanced over at the cubicle wall next to him. Hopefully Mr. Irons was enjoying his fresh retirement. Leo wasn't entirely sure when he'd retire. There was a lot in his career he still had to achieve, and even more things to save away. Save away for a proper family lifestyle at that.

What would Missy do come old age? Leo frowned. She wormed his way into his thoughts too. It wasn't a bad question regardless. Almost impossible to imagine her settling down and finding that special someone, or slowing down to appreciate life at all. Nah, she was perfect at slowing down. In fact she was doing it right now, in his bed, sleeping away the day, and who knows what else. He winced slightly upon thinking about her taking care of her needs in his bed. That would need a deep cleaning that might've been past even his capabilities.

Leo's phone rang, breaking him out of his ridiculous thoughts. Instinctively he reached for the landline in front of him, only to pause and realize it was actuall his cellphone. Strange, but maybe the higher ups were having landline issues. "Yes? Leo here," he said.

"Hola señor," a feminine voice replied.

Goddammit. "Missy, why the hell are you calling me?"

"Woah, easy, I was bored, OK?"

"Actually, how are you even calling me?"

"You got Skype on your laptop, dude. Didn't you know?"

"Didn't I already tell you not to touch that?" Leo replied.

"Oh, I'm sorry, is that what Mr. 'I lost the bet' asked?"

"I asked that before I lo-- we made the agreement."

"Yeah well, tough, you can't make me get off it now. You know if any games run on this thing?" Missy asked.

"Hold on, don't just switch up topics like that."

Someone cleared their throat behind Leo. He recognized that assertive windpipe clearing anywhere. Instantly he put the phone in his lap and spun around in his chair. "Yes, Sir?" he said automatically, putting on his best poker face. There was his boss, as he guessed.

"I can't believe I'm saying this, Mr. Davis, but you do know that personal calls aren't to be made on work hours, right?" he asked with a smile, clearly amused by the situation.

"I do apologize, Sir. Something is going on at home. Not a big deal."

"Hello? Hellooooooooooooo?" Missy called out through the phone.

"Oh, it's about your lady," his boss replied. The larger man straightened his tie. "Well, make it quick, then. Wouldn't want to keep her waiting."

His boss wasn't budging. Ugh. Leo picked up the phone. "Missy, just stick to television, we'll talk when I get home, alright?"

There was a long pause. "'Kay." Another pause. "Love you, Leo." He could hear the giggle in her voice.

The man looked up at his boss, who was gesturing with his hands to continue. Fuck, this really was going to happen. "Love you too," he slurred. Leo hung up a split second after Missy burst into laughter. He received a victorious thumbs up from his boss. God, kill him now.