I assume everyone knows this now, but if you found this randomly then know it's a shitpost.

CHAPTER XIII: Take no prisoners
>Your mind wanders for a moment, but you eventually return back to reality when a certain Kitten's purring reaches your ears
>You smile as you slowly go at Jasmine with a steady pace, her body quivering with each deep thrust that grazes the very edge of her body
>You decide against upping the pace because it's the first time either of you have done this, but you do loosen her ropes with your hands, allowing her legs some mobility and letting her arms free as you flip her over
>She invites you with open arms as you move slowly over her, claws carefully away as you begin again with your precious lover on her back
>Her quivering before has become full on shaking as you thrust forwards with firm and careful gliding cause her to seemingly lose control over her ability to think straight
>Her purring becomes erratic as you speed up more and more, reaching a moderate but very powerful pace inside of her, clearly driving her closer and closer to the orgasm she was chasing
>Every time you hilt yourself her eyes roll back a bit harder, her lips curl to bare her fangs a bit more, and her hands grip your shoulders just a bit harder...
>A whisper more gentle than the wind tells you she's close to finishing, and you start driving home your hits with as much deliberate force in every thrust as you can
>A solid hit works it's way forward, grinds for a moment at her very limits, then pulls back to smash into her again
>She's going crazy from the intense feelings as you do your best to keep her much more sensitive feline trigger just a hair away from firing off
>The fact that she looks nearly rabid is a rather good indication of your work, but you have little time to admire it
>You can feel your own limit appraoching quickly, and tell her you don't have much longer until you unleash a hot torrent into her
>A snarling purr following by a moaning chuff tell you all you need ot know as you speed up to a pace that will set off the fireworks for both of you
>As you thrust just before finishing you can feel claws ripping into your back as Jasmine's eyes go wild
>A voice in your head is telling you to pull away from her, but you ignore it and thrust as hard and as fast as you can go
>The voice is getting louder and louder by the second... you can almost see the warning signals flaring
>You build up thunderous speed and when you finally unleash yourself inside of her body, pressing your body as close to hers as you can, letting her almost feral mind take over and carefully clean your wounds
>As mind settles, that nagging voice doesn't go away... 
>I fact, you can very clearly see a red flashing warning sign as your mind races to understand why
>Suddenly, memories flood back in as your kitten carefully grooms your wounds
>The crash happening, your surviving, the thunderstorm...
>You remember why you're here now, your vision going red as your eyes glow and you look up at your Kitten from her loving embrace
>Targeting systems scan for weak points, and select her most glaring one at the base of her ears
>Your hand snakes upwards towards it slowly but surely, and as soon as you feel the fur touching the tip of your finger...
>You scratch it lovingly, causing her to release you and purr happily at your affectionate touch
>Other weak-points start popping up as you scan her, and you quickly find her becoming sleepy as she rolls into the sheets trying to avoid your loving touches and giggling 
>After a minute or so of careful massaging she finally begins to drift off in the sheets with your tucked in her arms, much to the dismay of your current objective after having somehow reactivated
>You reach with one of your arms to find her stuffed chicken doll, and slowly move it to take your place, causing her latch onto it in her sleep the second she can smell it
>Free of her grasp, and with wounds on your back you head to your living room with your phone in hand
>A few quick taps and you're calling Strong Anon, getting a confused and probably just having woken up Strong to respond
>"What's up man? Something bad happen? You ok?"
>Vital signs optimal, living tissue exoskin has been damaged but is repairing due to stored nanites, endoskeleon rated indestructible by anything that isn't atomic
>"I am optimal. Mobile Operations Unit Supervisor-Anthro male Nullifcation Operator Node is online. MOUS ANON is online. Strategic Tactical Response Operative Non General- ANON. Begin preparations. The furboi execution will begin soon."
>A shuffling noise from behind you causes you to whip around, eyes glowing red as a very confused Jasmine looks you up and down
>"Are you robot Chick?"

>Your eyes glow a softer red as you try to think of something to say, but Jasmine takes your hand from you and ends the call while looking into your eyes
>"It's fine if you are. I just want to know what you are... and uh... if we can actually make babies."
>You to her and smile while holding onto her hand, deciding to clear the air
>"Affirmative. I am Covert Heavy Infantry Combat Kommando MOUS. A cybernetic being created to come to this place and make sure our race continues to exist in the future."
>She smiles and nuzzles you lovingly, purring softly
>"And out of all of the ladies out there... you chose me? And to attempt to breed as well?"
>You nod, causing her to hug you even tighter
>"Well I have no problems with dating an automatic man. Will our babies, if I carry them... be like... half robots or something?"
>You pull up a picture hidden in a folder on your phone and show her a diagram of a hybrid ANON-anthro
>"Metal skeleton porous and able to grow like bone. They will be able to interact as normal beings without every knowing unless you tell them. Disregarding their innate targeting systems, and ability to use electronics wirelessly."
>She nods, thinking about what an anthro with a metal endoskeleton would be like
>"Cool. Soo... you said elimination of all anthros right? Are you going to kill the ones that aren't bred?"
>You shake your head, because that's silly
>"Only the unwilling to cooperate anthro males. You will always be safe in my arms."
>You kiss her on the ear, causing her to let out a trill and nuzzle you again
>"One last thing then Chicky... can you make your eyes glow your normal color when you do robot stuff? Red is fine. I like your pretty eyes a lot though."
>You smile, and allow your chroma zones inside of your eyes to shift to mirror your normal eyes, causing her to gently mutter how cool it was under her breath
>She walks back to bed and snuggles up under the covers with her stuffed chicken, uttering one last question to you before she sleeps
>"So what are you going to do now?"
>You walk into the room, sit down beside her and begin to massage her ears as she once more drifts to sleep
>"Go on a little walk, sweet kitten. Do not worry."
>And with that, she's gone back to sleep
>Now for you to begin get to work

>You begin to search your apartment for weapons where you can remember they are hidden
>1911 in the wheaties box
>Jericho hidden in your favorite jacket
>Box of sprite?
>Cleverly disguised SCAR-H
>Is that an umbrella holder? 
>Wrong, that's an AT4
>Hidden inside the fridge behind some old leftovers is a fully armed and ready M240B
>You grab everything you can carry and head outside, STRONG already waiting in the driver seat of your car with his own arsenal in the back seat
>You pop the trunk and dig under the carpet in the back, opening a hidden panel and finding your favorite 1887 is still as fresh as the day that someone hid it for you
>Uncle Arnie would be proud!
>You ride towards the edge of town at full speed, calling everyone anon you can think of
>Anti Riot Mobile Alpha Infiltration Model, High Ordinance Bomber Operator, Low Undetected Recon Kommando, Stealth Operations Combat Killing Starter, and last but not least the oldest model that actually made it over Direct Battle 777
>They are at the forefront of a waiting army, standing in a field before you as the car pulls to a stop
>STRONG and you head towards the crowd and pass out weapons to those that didn't bring any, leaving DB777 with only his internally mounted plasma blades, vulcan miniguns mounted in his arms, a missile inside of his chest area, and several laser pointers
>You look over a sea of freshly activated killing machines with pride
>"Now come the fun part STRONG."
>You look directly at STRONG and smile, pressing buttons hidden in your arm that begin to cause your body to change shape
>Your face plates puff out, your eyes sink in a bit, and your hairline recedes
>Jet black hair turns bright yellow as scars fade away
>After a few moments you smile, looking at the army of assembled ANONs doing the same and taking your new shape as their own (disregarding DB-777 of course who puts on a rubber mask)
>After changing they all speak to you as one mind
>"Suprise Attack Model- High Yield Destruction Enabled mode is online. SAM HYDE is back at it again."
>You thrust your arm into the air, to see hundreds of other hands join yours
>The fursection begins tonight
https://youtu.be/1HmQNkcAhgg