(I'm terrible with titles, forgive this terrible one)

HMOFA, Not Comfy, Spaniel, Two-faced, Rape Kink, Reverse Domination(?)

Be Anon. Be at some random party with your canine girlfriend. The party is slowing down to finish, and your adorably fake five-foot-something girl is saying her goodbyes to the various anthros who were invited. You can only guess why the host has disappeared, along with a number of guys who should be here with their own dates. Your girl walks up to you, a foot connecting with your calf, prompting you to stand with your best smile on and offer her your arm as you leave, the pair of you climbing into your outdated by carefully maintained sports car. You're fine to drive despite the party, as you're the only responsible person at the entire thing, and you didn't trust anyone with your pride of restoration.

"God you were such a killjoy" Tiff, your spaniel short stack, finally breaks the silence between you. You mentally appreciate how long she managed to go this time before starting to rip into you. "You could have had something instead of being the biggest rock of lame at that party." Oh gee, suppose you'd have preferred walking to your own home on the opposite side of the stat? You rebuttal her mentally, knowing full well having a spine was one thing she always berated you for whenever you attempted to use it. "If I hadn't lost any respectability when you "maaagicaallly teeeleeepoorted" into my bedroom, we wouldn't even be in this situation." She loved to remind you of how your sixteen year old self had had the misfortune of not only appearing in a world full of anthros, but somehow also into the most aggravating bitch in the town. You were kinda held captive in this relationship of nearly two years by the threat she'd ruin whatever life you tried to have.

"I'll try to be more fun next time." You flatly reply, keeping your eyes on the road and your annoyance out of your voice.

"If they'll even invite again" she half-snaps back. Moments like that made you wonder what really went through her mind. She'd always be invited back. The lost of respect was complete bullshite. However, it meant her threats were potent, as she had an entire campus of teens, and maybe even some adults wrapped around her little finger. Sometimes you questioned why she was so insistent on this characde of your two being a couple. Maybe she was just sadistic?

Somehow you get to drive home in silence. Her chin rests in her palm, arm resting on the frame of the window. You assume she's giving you the silent treatment. OK, from this angle, you can see that she is a beautiful woman. The height difference between the two of you makes her look adorable in almost any outfit she wears. Maybe its similar to the regular dogs back in your original home? The small they got the more aggressive they were to everything and everyone around them. You pull your wandering eyes back to the road, thankful you hadn't missed the bottom of your driveway. The car rocks softly as your turn and go up the slightly inclined drive.

"Well, aren't you going to be a gentleman? Get around here and open the door for your loving girlfriend already." You had barely switched off the engine, keys still in your hand and seatbelt buckled on your side. You figure best not to push your luck, and dutifully make your way to her side and open the door, impulsively offering your hand to continue this sudden need for you to be a gentleman. "Hmmph, don't think you're out the dog house yet." She keeps up the angry dog routine, though there was something off about her voice then, you can't quite pace it.

You walk ahead of her, using your keys to unlock your simple single story house for the two of you. You enter first, turning to act out you're inviting her in when she knows full well she can come in.

"You can drop the act now." Her voice is back to being constantly annoyed. If this was the first time you'd tried to go along with whatever narrative was in her head, you'd actually be annoyed. She swaggers past you, and fluffy tail swiping at your chest, and up to your face, leaving you with a mouth full of hair. That is new, and it surprisingly grates at you, uncharacteristically you feel your blood heating up. You turn and notice she's removed her tiny jacket, the kind that is too small to close across a womans' chest, and to short of cover any part of her back. "Do you usually leave your heating on? So wasteful." She's lean over your breakfast bar, facing towards the living room.

"You know I barely need the heating in this weather." You try to keep a flat tone, but you're strangely still a little keyed up and tense. You know for sure she can tell, and you're sure you see her trying to hide a smirk. "Still the rest of the night to go, so what do you wanna do?" Tiff turns and looks you straight in the eye, glaring viciously.

"What, you think of me like some sort of hussy all of a sudden?" Where'd did that come from? You mentally reel. Two years, and the subject of sex hadn't come up, especially because of her attitude toward you. Not to say you hadn't tried breaking her malicious behaviour with the stereotypical sly and subtle attempts to get in her pants in the first year. You remember you're a little pent up, with her having been staying over the past couple of weeks making it hard to get some relief.

"How could I think of you as a hussy?!" You find yourself snapping back at her. Shock clear across her features as she physically moves away from you slightly. "You know damn well I couldn't think of you like that. Despite all the shit you put me through, I've seen zero evidence that you sleep around, which is especially ridiculous when you keep stringing me along to your friends' parties that clearly are just some sort of swingers hookup!" You can feel the months of frustration suddenly being released. A flood of heat spreading through your whole body, and the muscles up your back tensing, causing you to stand upright in what feels like an eternity.

"A-anon... Calm d-down, you know I don't m-mean it... r-right?" Oh, she wants to play that card? After so long of cracking the whip on your back, and she is cowering after a slight snap that didn't touch her? Even now you can tell she's putting on an act. You bet any other woman would react in some way, but there she is just standing and staring, not a tear nor emotion on her face.

"If you're so worried about me thinking of you being some sort of slut." You continue. "Maybe I should put you in your place and treat you like one. Maybe then you'd know the difference?" You're stepping closer to her, and she's retreating more into the kitchen. Neither of you break eye contact. You're within arms reach, and she has her back against a couple floor to ceiling cupboards. She's looking up at you with dry pleading eyes. Still continuing with some messed up act. Your boiling blood finding a part of you that can help unleash some pressure, giving you a slightly painful tent in your trousers. You mentally dare her to tear away from your eyes to whats happening below your belt. At the bottom of your periphery, you can subtly see her legs are shaking, finally showing she has some sort of emotion.

"Wuh.... Yuh..." Her voice is shaking, but her face continues to reveal nothing. You deftly shake off your own jacket, throwing it over the breakfast bar and beyond. You undo a couple of you shirts' top buttons, her nose twitching a little afterwards. A few moments of continuing to stare at each other, with her barely able to form a single intelligent word. You strike when she blinks. One hand grabs her shoulder to push her against the wooden door behind her, the other hand holds her by the waist with your thumb slipping under the comically undersized top that covered less than her jacket did. Your momentum carries you forward, and you quickly lean downwards to catch the side of her neck in your mouth, biting hard enough to elicit a whimper, but not enough to break the skin. "Aah! oh god!" She nearly howls into your ears.

You can't help but feel a touch worried you slammed her into the doors a little too hard, but now that you're so close you can tell its her entire body that is trembling. Its almost like she's barely about to keep herself standing even with your hand holding her upright. Whatever act she was putting seems to be falling apart as well.  You can't see her face from where you are, but she's panting. you assume she's crying now that you've actually stood up for yourself. Maybe you had gone to far bite to the neck? After what could have been a New York minute, you slowly start to loosen you grip. What happened next, shocks you.

She shots her hands to your elbows, but not to push you away, but to hold you in place and pull you close again. Your more alert brain realises this is not normal, but the more deprived part is having a moment and has all the control it can take. You leave forward, chomping just a little harder on her neck, hands either side of her torso and slowly starting to lift the minuscule clothing out of the way. You starting to hear a swishing sounds behind her. She's wagging her tail at all this. Now she likes you having a spine?! Your hands have managed to pull up her shirt, and are carefully playing with her breasts. You had almost forgotten what the rest of your body was doing while your mind was analysis the petite bitch in your grasp.

Like something out of a ridiculous hentai, your mind and libido begin to sync and you decide now is when you'll finally get the release her presence has prevented up to this point. Without giving chance for response, You pull away from her neck, and pull her around to face the breakfast bar again. Your movements are firm, and at the back of your mind you're thankful she's being wordlessly compliant. You keep one hand pressed against her back, forcing her exposed chest down onto the cool faux marble surface, making her gasp between breathes. Your free hand snakes around her waist, unbuckling her function-less belt and skinny jeans. You notice her legs are together, shifting tightly making her hips wiggle. Her tail has stopped wagging, instead its trying to curve backwards towards her head. If you were an ignorant fool, you wouldn't realise it as a sign her body was begging for something intimate. Your free hand caresses the base of her tail, swerving around it to hook onto the skinny jeans hem, and begin pulling them down over her slowly swaying rump. You lean over her, bring your face just behind her shoulder.

"Whats the matter sweetie? I'm not being too much of an animal for you, am I?" You fill your words with all the venom and sarcasm you've built up all this time. Her jeans and panties hang about half-way down her thighs, and without much coercion, she's spreading her legs a little for you. You're starting to consider if she's genuinely turned on at this point. Heedless, you move back a little to unzip and unleash your cock from its confines. She's looking over her shoulder, and panting wildly, tongue flopped out of her mouth. She finally brings her eyes to stare into yours, making you know she wants this further confirmed when you press your cock head against her soppy wet with arousal entrance.

Your hands that their places just above her hips. You're confident she's not going to go anywhere right now. You slowly press your cock into her moist caressing folds, already able to feel her pulse even as only a third of your cock is buried within her. You figure you've been too gentle, and push much harder to get the rest of your length pressed firmly to the hilt. She desperately claws at the cold marble beneath her, a lewd groan of pleasure cascading from her lips. As you slowly work a rhythm of fucking her pussy which attempts to suck you back in with each pullout, she gets steadily louder. So loud in fact you snap a hand to close and cover her mouth. The forceful hold makes it easier to thrust against her harder, and she holds onto your arm tightly, digging in her nails in pleasure.

With a small slip, she clamps her muzzle down on your hand. You're about to bring your free hand down hard against her backside, when you feel and hear her muffled shriek of pleasure, her pussy clenching tightly against your deprived manhood. You're still in your rhythm, and the sudden tightness uncontrollably drags you to your limit. With no chance to pull out, you decide to go double or nothing, and hilt ass far within her as physically possible. She squeals lewdly, feeling your cum wash into her body, moaning with each fresh spurt of your seed. You find your body losing strength, so you lean forward and on top of her to catch your breath.

The two of you stay like that for an untraceable amount of time. She's let go of your hand from her mouth, with you taking a moment to see the marks she's left behind. Despite both of you being clearly exhausted, she rolls and wiggles her hips. You can't muster the breath to speak, so instead you lean down and bite the closest ear to you. She whimpers and shivers against you.

"Took you long enough to use that spine of yours the way I wanted you to."