>it’s been years since those bastards won
>they’ve forced a new standard into what remains of your society
>playing vidya one day, a hologram appears on your brand new projector, provided by your neighborhood overlord
>being anon, you immediately ignore the hologram provided by your new ADVENT rulers for vidya
>who needs unwavering loyalty, you’ve got shit to kill
>after wasting the day away with vidya, you shower, get into your comfy zone, and dream of >tfw no gf for the 8th time


>rising from your slumber, you dress into your clothes that you swear doesn’t have any stains and head into town for the arcade for even more vidya
>you start seeing vipers becoming more commonplace in every building
>can’t be from that message, can it?
>coffee shops, restaurants, fucking yarn stores, name it
>whatever, not like they could beat you at your favorite pinball simulator


>with your pinball simulator high scores in place, you exit the arcade and start walking home, the sun falling into the horizon
>it isn’t long after you begin walking home that you notice the vipers going into houses
>since when did they decide to conquer the suburbs?
>sure, the coffee shops and restaurants weren’t bothering you but your neighbors?
>not like you gave a shit about them, but still, it seems a little too odd
>intrigued, you resolve to go over to your best bro’s house tomorrow
>nona had always made sure that if you were gonna be alone and disgusting, you’d do it together
>why his crack addict parents named him that you’ll never know
>after a brief walk from the arcade you arrive at the steps leading up to your front porch
>unlocking the door, you step inside to find that every single fucking chair is gone
>they’ve all been replaced with hard, stone slabs that don’t come up higher than the middle of your shins
>with a slow, hesitant click, you close the door and carefully move into your kitchen to make your favorite snack
>vegetables and chairs be damned, you were gonna make sure that your stick of butter was safe from this unknown intruder


>making your way to the fridge, dropping off your wallet on your new block table along the way, you open up the fridge
>who hired an ADVENT cannibal chef for your home
>you see nothing but large, uncut hunks of unidentifiable meat everywhere
>admittedly, the way that they were stacked was impressive
>gotta hand it to ADVENT for digging up tetris again
>but where’s your holy stick of butter
>you search everywhere inside your fridge, even going so far as to look underneath it
>wait a minute, the secret compartment
>okay, it wasn’t actually part of the fridge, but you had to hide your apple juice from nona SOMEHOW
>with the precision of a sniper you open your secret compartment in a record time of 0.5 seconds
>laying within it is your Holy Grail of snacks, the stick of butter
>with a cry of “YES” you grab the butter stick and immediately start chomping that fucker down
”Ssssso this is the human who I was assigned to? Disgusssssting.”


>ohhhh that better not be what you think it is
>with a shaky body and mind, you slowly turn around to see who gave you that particularly irritating remark
>OH DEAR GOD
>it’s a fucking viper
>easily taller than you by more than a few inches, standing (leaning?) up with it’s head almost touching the ceiling
>the scales on the underside of the viper’s  tail could be easily mistaken for shark teeth neatly arranged in a wavy fashion
>on the top and sides of the viper’s tail, a pattern similar to a diamondback snake’s goes up to it’s hips
>wait, who gave vipers hips anyway
>with nervous eyes in fear of them being ripped out for staring too long, you took notice that the diamondback pattern consisted of a yellow belonging to those ancient lightbulbs from who knows when, a black/brown forming the diamond shapes with a clementine orange filling the insides, and that same orange lining the sides of the shark tooth underbelly
>the viper’s arms had a strangely blocky pattern to them, one that made you think of those tile floors in one of the factories that you toured in middle school before humanity surrendered to the aliens and ADVENT
>the upper area of the viper’s arms consisted of that same light bulb yellow, with lined stripes of the same clementine orange at the edges of the upper area
>you could also see the viper’s shark tooth pattern narrow at the hips leading towards it’s midsection 
>wait a fucking second where’s the armor
>before the surrender, you had watched a news program in class that had shown a rare moment where the reporter had seen a viper race across the battlefield
>it’s armor was jet black with red lines and shapes on the hands, chest, and shoulders
>it also had a helmet that to this day, you thought of it as the coolest fucking helmet ever with it’s blade-like middle extending out of the plate
>that same helmet also had two “fangs” on the sides for whatever purpose, you stopped paying attention to it as you watched the viper move across the field with terrifying speed
>but this viper had no armor to speak of
>in fact, it was sporting a normal grey shirt that covered it’s shoulders and, uh
>melons
>the shark tooth pattern continued up to her chin, where you finally saw her face
>and oh lord, her face
>her mouth was in a constant frown, eerily fitting a look alike with the “:(“ emoticon
>her nose was made of two very small holes, narrow and fitted closely to each other
>when you looked at her eyes, you saw nothing but contempt in those blood filled orbs that held a black slit in the middle of them
>you managed to squeak out a pitiful “why are you here?” without pissing yourself
>the viper said nothing for a few moments, deciding how to phrase her mission to a supposedly primitive mind
“I am here on a mission from ADVENT leaders to take up...permanent residence...in order to ssssstrengthen relations between the Vipersssss and.. humansssss.”
>the way she said “permanent residence” makes you wish that humanity never discovered extraterrestrial life
>but your brain immediately wraps around that phrase, trying to make sense of it
>permanent residence?
>as in, a roommate?
>the viper hissed angrily at what you said, causing you to fall backwards onto your ass and stare fearfully at her narrowed eyes
“Do not think of my mission as a way to put your filthy handsssss on me, you uselesssssss creature! This is merely a tactic to keep your dirty, impudent ssssspecies in line!”
>mental note: try anything and you become those meat hunks in the fridge
>wait she’s still talking
“...and in order to ensure this mission goes well, ADVENT has given you and I a ssssset of rules to ensure that the ties between Man and Viper remain intact.”
>the viper flicks a piece of paper at you, landing perfectly on your face, before slithering off to anywhere but here
>with hands that would make a Parkinson’s disease patient glad that he doesn’t have it that bad, you pick the paper off of your face and read the letter


“Anon, you have been selected by ADVENT to ensure that Man and Viper remain under ADVENT union and prosperity. By being able to form a lasting relationship with the Viper that has been assigned to your home, you secure the peace of your species’ future.”
>they just gave you a Viper capable of squeezing out your insides through your mouth expecting you to “keep humanity safe” and they treat it as if it’s a new pet
“The Viper will take residence in your home until it is sure that a peaceful bond has been formed and strengthened over time. Enclosed in this letter is a list of accommodations to ensure the Viper’s comfort.”
>so that’s where the stone slabs and meat came from
>reading through the list, you become more worried as you scroll down
>these stone slabs that replaced your furniture are a part of this list after all, along with those meat clumps
>seems that they’ve made everything for the viper’s comfort, but not your own
>at least it’s all paid for
>still, you can’t get a nagging worm squirming through your head out
>you’ve seen how dangerous those vipers can be, and this one is certainly no exception
>with the way that she stared at you, it was like YOU invaded her home
>what if you’re the pet?


>slowly rising off of the floor, you put the list on your table slab and start to inspect the rest of the new additions to your house
>those same, grey slabs that took your chairs have also taken your couch in front of the tv, albeit this one has a large, padded cushion on it
>fuck, that was your best couch
>you sadly reminisce on the times where you first discovered the couch technique, where you and nona had done nothing but got high for a week straight, and where for the first time you discovered the wonders of skipping work for vidya
>that job was totally in the wrong; it’s not your fault that Viper May Bleed 5 had come out
>sadly, with the takeover of ADVENT came the restrictions of content provided in games, and every single plan to develop a new VMB was destroyed along with it
>whatever, the new furniture can’t be that bad, right?
>you sit on the cushion to discover that it isn’t better by your Comfy Couch at many standards, but it’s tolerable
>satisfied, you get off the cushion and make your way towards your room

>going to your room, you notice two things
>one, your door is open
>two, there’s an angry hissing coming from that room
>shit threatening to fly out of your asshole, you peek inside to see the viper, on your bed, throwing your blankets off of specified bed into the bathroom nearby in a frenzied haze of motion
>disbitch.mov
>with a very disgruntled “ahem” you hope to catch the viper’s attention
>what you didn’t want was her head snapping to the sound, jaw ready to unhinge and kill you with her fang
>there’s definitely a small stain in your underwear tomorrow
>the viper immediately strikes, arms outstretched and ready to strangle this poor soul who knew nothing about surprising a viper
>her arms wrap around you in a constricting motion and carry you to the bed, constantly hissing in what you could place as either unhinged rage or necessity
>on the bed, her coils wrap around your body so tightly that you could be the first person in history to receive a full body bruise
>your head hovers over her breasts still obscured by the grey shirt that she wears
“Good... warm...”
>she’s fucking cold?
>b-but the blankets
>immediately you start to slap yourself in the head for being such a dumbass, only to find your arms trapped in her body’s constricting hold
>you struggle against your scaly prison and raise your complaints to the now drowsy viper only to be silenced with a quiet, someone annoyed hiss
>from the rage filling the hiss you heard earlier, this can only be described as content by comparison alone
“Enough... sssssleep now...”
>with your mind tired of your bullshit, you stop struggling to get free and lay your head down on her firm, smooth body
>your head makes a perfect fit between her boobs, stretching the shirt tightly over them
>huh, those MIGHT be nipples
>as you listen to her breathing gradually slow and become rhythmic, you contemplate the choices
>either you can make a last ditch effort by biting her tail and getting eaten alive in an attempt to escape, or sleep in this somewhat odd, yet comfortable prison
>choosing the latter, you let your body go through the motions and close your eyes for whatever dreams wait for you
>for a deadly viper capable of genocide, she seems pleased that you’re keeping her warm for the night

>YEAH EAT SHIT YOU VIPER BASTARDS
>playing your beloved Viper May Bleed 5, you ignored the 3rd message from your boss that you needed to report into work
>fuck that guy, you got shit to kill
>a much louder hiss comes through the tv, causing you to reach for the remote to turn the volume down
>why can’t you get it
>you were always able to reach the remote on the nightstand
>as much as you try, it’s seems to move farther and farther away, with you becoming more restricted in your movements
“Wake up, you sssssquirming fool!”

>with a jolt, your eyes open to see the face of the Viper that had strangled your body in the night not happy at all
>a little miffed, you ask why you had to be woken up from that kickass dream you were having
“If I mussssst be woken up 3 hours earlier than my normal time due to your wriggling, pathetic frame, then ssssso do you!” 
>with a hiss she uncoils from your body and makes her way down to the kitchen, the tip of her long tail barely peeking through the door as she reaches her destination
>not only had you been provided a Viper to live in your home from ADVENT, but now you managed to make her mad on the 1st morning in her stay
>you can only hope that the meat chunks in the fridge don’t have an addition to them by the end of today

>with increased speed thanks to the sudden awakening and fear of the mad Viper, you dress quickly and move towards the kitchen
>and why did you have to go to the kitchen NOW
>before your eyes, you see the Viper’s jaw unhinge far enough that could fit 2 bowling balls in order to eat one of the meat chunks that she had retrieved from the fridge 
>with sounds that you could describe as the most unholy, she chomps on the meat chunk and swallows it whole, jaw setting back into place
>you could see the meat making it’s way down her body slowly, the mass making her abdomen distend in it’s size
>you hadn’t seen many of her facial expressions, but you can easily make out the look of contentment as she closed her eyes after swallowing the meat
>it was honestly kind of cute in a way
>Now watch as this display turns from cute to life threatening in a matter of SECONDS!
>the viper opened her eyes lazily after swallowing the meat to see you standing there with a hand over your mouth as to not disturb the beast, and immediately hissed at your presence with her eyes full of resentment 
“What? Haven’t seen a Viper eat sssssomething before, you rat?”
>i just live here man
“Retrieve whatever is needed for your nourishment, and take a seat at the table. We have much to discusssssss.”
>guess she isn’t that mad anymore, good
>message received, you pour yourself a bowl of captain crunch for breakfast
>remind yourself to fix the stove; boiling water is a must for the best soup from your favorite childhood game
>milk poured in the captain crunch, you walk over to your new stone table and sit upon your new stone slab across the viper, and begin eating

“Ssssso, creature, it seems that in order for our species to maintain it’s bond, we must participate in... activitiesssss.”
>well, what kind of activities
>god, this milk does nothing but soil your nostalgia
“ADVENT has required that you and I must venture outside of my residence into areasssss that most would consider social placesssss, such as these ‘coffee shops’ or ‘movie theatersss.’”
>so you basically have to take her out on a date every single day or your life gets reduced to shambles
>she looks at you with barely disguised annoyance
“Were I not assigned to this order and you were to call these missionsssss as those terms any more than this one instance, I would reduce your body into a manageable meal. But if you are to simplify these tasks’ terminology to sssssuch an idiotic cultural test in partnership, then ssssso be it.”
>great
>so now not only did you have to make sure that this viper was kept satisfied in your home, but you had to take it out on dates
>solves the “no gf” problem, but this isn’t how you wanted to solve it
>you ask the viper what her name is
>how is she so annoyed because of this question 
“What? Why do you need to know my name? Is ssssspeaking to me without this knowledge so unbearably worrying to a little man like you?”
>hey, you’re 6’0, that’s perfectly fine
>sensing your hurt, the viper softens her glare by 1/100th of her anger
“If you mussssst know, my name is Vilura. Now prepare yourself. This mission to the “coffee shop” will commence shortly.”
>great, time to go waste money on coffee instead of more vidya
>at least you have SOMEBODY to talk to

>you exit the house shortly after finishing your soup, following Vilura to the coffee shop
>why are you calling it that now, it’s just a fucking starbucks
>but apparently to Vilura, if you don’t call it as it’s supposed to be named in it’s purpose, you’re a worthless piece of shit nobody who wastes their life away playing those redundant, stale simulations, eating the most unholy-
“Are you deaf, human? I asked you if you were involved with ADVENT asssss your occupation.”
>oh shit don’t get her mad again
>coming up with a quick reply, you state to Vilura that you work in a restaurant as a waiter
>she gives you a simple look of disdain, one that kinda hurts
“Hmph. And here I thought that the human that I would stay with had SSSSSOME importance in his role of society.”
>hey, college fucking sucks ass, you don’t wanna go through that
>not with ADVENT constantly reminding the students to pledge their undying loyalty in every class
>seriously, some people dropped out of the nearby college in your city because of that reason alone.
“Ugh. You don’t need to remind me of those ridiculousssss videos again.”
>did she just agree with you on something you hate
>huh, that’s some progress, at least
>curiosity climbing high, you ask Vilura what job she has
>great, ANOTHER look of disdain
“Is it not obviousssss? No, of COURSSSSSE I wouldn’t be traveling with a human to barter for refreshments at 6:30 in the morning with the job I had. No, I’d be sunning on the beach with a nice drink in my hand instead of walking with this horrendousssss city smog with a human to hold his hand all throughout!”
>oh, right. okay.
>more than a little downtrodden, you slow your pace with your head hanging low
>where’s your favorite halloween costume noose when you need it now
>Vilura continues ahead at the same pace for a bit, only to turn around, stop, and notice your steadily declining speed
>she slithers back to you, stopping in front of you with another hiss
>was that one of worry or annoyance
>did you really care at this point, why would you anyway
>she lifts your head with her large hand, her blood red eyes softening at the sight of your face that was reflected in those pools
>jeez, and you thought that only nona saw your sad face as ugly
>she gently scratches your chin with her worryingly sharp claws, careful not to puncture your skin
“I would like to apologize, human. I should’ve realized that my cruel demeanor towards you wassss not one that would strengthen the relationsss between our species.”
>did Vilura really just
>not only had she come back to make sure that you weren’t getting left behind, she APOLOGIZED about how she treated you
>well, ain’t that the shit
>you tell Vilura that it’s fine, just please don’t say anything else that you consider cruel
>she pokes the bottom of your chin with one clawed finger, a faint, FAINT smile at the edges of her mouth
“No promises there, human.”
>and with that said, the shadow of a smile vanished in replacement of the trademark viper “>:(“
“Now, come. I’ve ssstudied that the waiting time for coffee increases as the day grows longer.” 
>Vilura turns around and proceeds towards starbucks with the same pace as before
>seeming to remember something, she stops 10 feet away from you and turns towards you once again
“You have asked me of my name, and I have promptly given you it. But what of your name?”
>about fucking time you slimy piece o-
>you tell her
“Anon? I cannot say that it’ssss the most original, but it seemsss nice.”
>she turns around yet again and moves towards the starbucks, yet again
>you can’t help but stay still a little longer as you watch Vilura move, her hips swinging side to side akin to a pendulum
>she looks over her shoulder with a slightly less annoyed glare
“Coming, Anon?”
>oh shit you forgot that you actually have to walk
>taking the obvious cue to not look like a dumbass, you run after her, stealing one final glance at Dem Hips
>you get the feeling that today might be a bit better

>arriving at starbucks, you’re immediately presented with a problem
>well, at least for Vilura, anyway
>the door’s just too small for her to enter
>you’d think that with the vipers appearing all over the city, ADVENT would make sure that all store doors would be bigger to accommodate the viper’s size
>nope, of course they’d forget about this one
>you try to put off the mother of all belly laughs as you see Vilura trying to squeeze her way in with increasingly angry hisses
>with a sigh of reluctant defeat, she gives up and pulls herself out of the doorframe
>no, no fucking way she got herself stuck
“Anon? I’ve encountered a problem with myself in this annoying, small doorframe.”
>that’s a bit obvious isn’t it
“Well, it would be fixed if you wouldn’t ssstand there not unlike a statue laughing at unfortunate misssery! Care to help?!”
>god damn it what did I just tell you Anon
>rushing over to the door, you grab hold of Vilura’s arms and try pulling her out with all of your 50 pound back row machine strength
>everyone inside is just smiling like the snarky little fuckers they are while you try to get Vilura out of the doorframe with accompanying hisses of frustration and exertion
>tail slaps sound fire though
>with a presentation that could only rival a bellyflop into the ocean, Vilura pops out of the doorframe and onto your unfortunate body with a solid “BOOM”
>oh, of COURSE your head had to be slammed between those 
>big
>bountiful
>blessings from god almighty
>hot damn, how have you paid these globes no attention before this
>kinda just makes you want to nuzzle further into th-
“ANON! Are you alright?!”
>a tiny sigh of disappointment leaking from your mouth with all the breath regained from the crushing fall, your head is promptly removed from her breasts as she looks at you with surprisingly evident worry on her face
>yeah, i’m good.
>boom, worry be gone
“Good. I would hate to ssssee my mission put on hold ssso early into the day.”
>Vilura slips off your body to the side, making sure that you’re harmed no further than you already have been
>not even gonna drag Dem Hips over me, you who-
>NO STOP IT
>getting to your feet, you manage to ease your frantic heart and look at Vilura, who eyes you with a look that you can easily place as “Well?” being screamed into your ear
“If I am unable to fit through the door, then you mussst take the orders for us both. See to it that they complete the order correctly, or I will make sure they will.”
>well you don’t need to be arrested for involvement in murder
>writing her order down on your phone, you enter the shop with a few smirks thrown your way from the other customers
>fuck those guys; you got to know one half of Vilura’s assets, and they didn’t 
>making your way to the register, you approach the sometimes-cute barista with your order ready to go
“Praise be to ADVENT! What can I get for you?”
>poor college girl

>drinks received under Vilura’s unblinking stare, you walk out of the starbucks with both of your drinks
>glad that you weren’t any stuck up bitch who needed EXACTLY 5 coffee creamers in their coffee, you settled on a nice hot chocolate instead
>but someone’s gotta fill that role, and of course Vilura would
>you didn’t even want to go through all those details again, just looking at your phone was bad enough
>upon seeing the drinks, Vilura straightens a little, shaking the tip of her tail in anticipation 
>ok that was fucking cute
>noticing the dopey smile on your face, Vilura’s tail immediately stops it’s shaking as she eyes you in
>embarrassment? more annoyance?
“W-why do you sssmile, Anon? Sssomething amusing about not having to wait for 20 minutes for such a sssimple drink?”
>she WAS embarrassed
>now you have to fight off another dumb smirk threatening to cover your face with your response
>i wouldn’t call 20 modifications to a coffee “simple”
“No matter. We have the drinks. Let usss go back to your home.”
>we’re not just gonna leave immediately after we got our drinks, are we?
>that look on her face is a blatant statement of “are you fucking serious”
“Isss there nothing else to do? We have what we came for, and that isss the end of the misssion. Now, come. We have much more to do.”
>come on, let’s just sit down for a little while 
>waiting for 20 minutes standing up does nothing to your legs, and those tables look fine to just relax and do nothing for a little while
>her red eyes narrow, suspicion clear that you might be doing this just to fuck with her
>truth be told, part of you wanted to see how far you could go with your actions before you got murdered
>but another part wants to sit down and rest while getting to know her a little bit more
>with a small hiss, she slithers over to the tables
“Fine. But only if you agree that we finish this mission immediately afterwardsss.”
>hey, fine by me
>you follow her to the tables, not surprised at all that some of the chairs have been replaced with more short, stone slabs
>huh, no wonder there were meat scones in there

>taking a seat, you watch as Vilura coils her body on top of the slab with her drink on the table
>holding your drink, you take a small sip
>huh, not bad
>although any starbucks coffee is just kool-aid coffee, it’s enjoyable
>Vilura on the other hand just takes the lid off of her coffee cup and pours the entire drink down her mouth into her throat
>with a final smack of her (lips? jaws?) she looks at the cup and then to you, letting out a dissatisfied hiss
“Hmph. I told you that I wanted 5.25 creamer packets in this coffee, and yet you ssstill get these simple tasksss wrong.”
>i wrote it down exactly as you said it, blame the baristas
>and how are they gonna commit 20 modifications to memory anyway
>she gives off small, rapid shakes of her head at the mention of this
“As expected, your species have such a limited memory to such sssimple tasks that I’m surprised that you could even remember the directions to this place.”
>more degrading, great
“Quit your whining, Anon. Can you not take a joke at all?”
>that was a joke?
>and you thought nona’s sense of humor was mean
>looking at Vilura while sipping your coffee, she covers her jaws with one hand, a stretched smirk across her mouth
>you tell her that usually, joking around doesn’t really mean to verbally beat the shit out of your partner
>the smirk’s gone
>fuck, did you fuck it up
>she starts slowly leaning across the table, placing her hands on your side while she gives you one of the nastiest looks you’ve ever seen in your life
>yeah, you fucked it up
“If I want to ‘verbally beat the SSSHIT out of you,’ then I will. I expect you to come back with something equal to my jest, or my opinion of you humansss will become less and less.”
>how do you joke about something with so many muscles that could break your spine
>for a moment, you see shock register on her face, mouth slightly agape as her tail fires off rapid, tiny shakes
>the shocked expression is replaced with an irritated glare as she slithers back to her side of the table
>with a final “humph”, she coils up on her stone slab with her arms crossed
“Ssss-shut up, Anon. Finish your drink.”
>goteem
>with a final gulp, you stand up from your seat only to have your hand grabbed as Vilura quickly slithers off the stone slab and drags you back home
“This action was also required in many of my misssions. To what purpose this ssserves, I know none of it.”
>awww, someone afraid to hold hands in public
>Vilura stops, turns around, smacks your hand, and then proceeds to head back to your home
“Q-quiet.”
>looking behind you, you catch the end of Vilura’s tail flicking 
>guess you know one weakness that the failed army didn’t 

>being dragged behind a viper holding your hand is a lot slower than you might think after having to speedwalk for just a short amount of time
>Vilura started breathing heavily and began to slow down after after five minutes
>with concern laced in your voice, you ask her if she needs to stop to rest
“I’ll... huff... resss... when we get home!”
>i thought it was your ‘residence,’not a home
“Huff... you insufferable... brat...”
>a few more minutes pass and you’re the one dragging Vilura back home
>with an exhausted groan, she stops and coils up on the sidewalk, causing you to stumble and fall backwards as she jerks you back with her arm
>you fall onto Vilura’s long tail, your butt being cushioned by the thick muscle underneath the scales
>with more than a little tremble in your voice, you ask Vilura if she’s alright
>hell, from the way she’s treated you so far, it seems like she would’ve sent you to the meat factories if you even suggested sitting on her body
>but a quick glance shows Vilura completely passed out, eyes closed as she breathes heavily
>her arms are folded underneath her as if she had dived onto the ground to escape gunfire, the elbows and arms forming a somewhat square shape
>feeling a little bold, you move your butt side to side, molding the tail into your print
>the muscle that forms to your shape is unbelievable, like a firm, yet comfy beanbag chair
>another glance at Vilura and you see those red eyes staring at you, albeit half-lidded
“Mmmmm... enjoying yourself, Anon?”
>WAT
>as if she had received your thoughts, Vilura’s eyes open immediately in shock
>the viper pulls her tail away from you with the loudest hiss you’ve ever heard, causing you to roll off her tail and hit the ground on your back
>with solemn acceptance, you await your impending doom as the hissing grows closer to your ears
>a scaly arm pulls you up into the air, the viper’s furious expression causing a little pee to come out
>just a bit
“Do that again, and I make SSSSURE your body issss never found! ISSS THISSSS CLEAR?”
>reduced to a whimpering and hiccuping mess, you nod your head meekly
>with a still angry, but somewhat pleased noise of acceptance Vilura sets you onto the ground and drags you by the collar, not bothering to hold your hand at all
“Now, move. Unlike you, I’ll know when to stop next time.”

>you wake up with your body surprisingly free to move, Vilura having already woken up without you
>it’s been a couple of days since you gave an impromptu “massage” to Vilura
>ever since then, she’s acted more distant than usual, even going so far as to make one daily “mission” to go out and get groceries with sparse amounts of handholding 
>she’d only grab onto your hand when an aisle was empty, and even then she would grab too tight and cause a small whimper of pain to leak out of your mouth
>any protest to this would be met with a hiss and a restatement of “It’s for the mission, so just bear with the pain and move on.”
>once out of the store, she’d lead the way home with you trailing behind with ALL the groceries to carry, which mostly consisted of more large meat chunks with some food of your own
>while Vilura was distant towards you during the day, that certainly didn’t keep her from trapping you in her body every night
>you’ve come to expect her long, muscular tail to be wrapped around you head to toe, whether you entered the bed with her still awake or not
>it’s strangely comforting, now that you actually think about it
>$100 says that you’ll experience the feeling of your head nuzzled between her breasts only 1 more time in your life again
>she still kept her shirt on in bed, either to keep the warmth in or out of self-preservation you have no clue
>either way, it’s most likely still a long way to go until you see the model globes of Earth on her figure free of any cloth that may obscure them
“Anon?”
>oh shit, she’s calling you
>with a hasty response and an equally hasty speed of clothes put on you, you walk out of your bedroom and to your kitchen to see Vilura keeping herself busy with making some sort of meat snack
>as per usual, your groceries are to the side of where she prepares her meals for the day, leaving you to walk up beside her and start making some snacks of your own
>just before reaching for the bread to the right of you, she stops you with her clawed hand firmly grasping your wrist
“No, Anon. You will have no nutrition until you rid yourself of your horrid ssssmell.”
>she’s well aware that you can always shower AFTER breakfast, right
>Vilura lets out a short hiss and turns to you with her blood red eyes narrowed slightly
“And maybe I am well aware that you know nothing about Viper biology and are just now informed that our sense of smell is much sssstronger than you humansss. Clean yourself.”
>she squeezes your wrist just a little tighter, then lets go of it and turns back to her meat chunk
“Now go. Quickly. I will prepare your nutrition for the day.”
>well that’s a welcome surprise
>agreeing to what she’s proposed, you walk out of the kitchen to your bathroom, hearing a small hiss and a quiet, shuffling sound accompany you when you close the bathroom door

>warm water running down your hair and body, you reflect on how she acted
>Vilura’s certainly not like any other Viper you’ve seen now
>in fact, most Vipers that you’ve seen with humans kept their distance similar to what Vilura did with you, except 5 times as more uncaring and aloof
>your heart ached when you saw that one guy offer some food to his companion, only for him to get belittled like a child who broke a pot. even now, that memory hurts you a little when you remember his face of sadness
>so, what does that make Vilura now? 
>she’s certainly not going to continue keeping her distance, based on how she treated you just this morning
>she seemed careful about not damaging your wrist, and her words weren’t as harsh as they were a few days ago
>come to think of it, her hands felt sort of nice
>they weren’t as smooth as her scales on her underbelly, which you’ve come to have plenty of experience with every night being cocooned in her tail, but there was a strange feeling of comfort in the way her claws would brush against your skin with the palm of her hand being slightly rough
>your reminiscing is cut short by a few taps at the door
“Do all humans like you take thissss long to clean yourselves? Hurry before I leave you behind on our next task!”
>scrambling to finish your shower (man, you always have to rush things with Vilura around) you turn off the water, step out of the shower, and dry yourself off before your imagination gets the best of you with her barging into the bathroom to see yourself wearing nothing but a towel in your hands

>fully dry and clothed, you step out of the bathroom to see Vilura wearing some sort of backpack on her shoulders, waiting for you in front of the door in the front hallway
>you take a short glance at the end of her tail, a ghost of a smirk on your lips when you see it wiggle in rapid, small motions as she takes notice of your presence
“Ah, good. Are you ready to go?”
>depends on where we’re actually going
“I have received new orders from my sssuperior yesterday to go on a “picnic,” whatever thisss means.”
>so, you’re taking me out to lunch?
“Do not think of thisss as a personal favor, Anon. Consssider it a change of location.”
>sure, keep telling yourself that
>the smirk on your face after that quip is wiped off the map as soon as you see her give you one of her trademark glares accompanied with a threatening hiss
>eyes cast forward, you open the door and step outside, Vilura slithering behind

>the walk to your “designated area” is somewhat brief, but soon enough you see Vilura speed ahead of you and grasp your hand again to lead you forward
>again, she seems to make sure that you aren’t giving off another whimper of pain, seeing that her clawed hand’s grip is firm, yet not to the point of being uncomfortable
“We’re clossse, Anon. Are you sure that you had packed everything?”
>yes, absolutely
“Hmph. You’d better.”
>the location that Vilura had taken you to is an isolated, tall hill with a lone tree at the top of it
>going up the hill proves to be an arduous task for Vilura, as she can’t move more than 20 feet up the steep slope without having to take a 30 second rest period before moving 20 feet more
>every offer you make to help her up is met with a hiss and a repeated statement of “I don’t need ANY help,” or “Do I look WEAK to you?”
>it’s a chore to wait for her, but you’d much rather prefer this over carrying exceedingly heavy groceries home
>at long last, she makes it to the top of the hill, flopping to the ground and trying to catch her breath
>you prepare lunch, setting out the picnic blanket and unpacking all the food you had prepared
>hearing a rustling noise to your left, you see Vilura slowly slithering her way towards the blanket, still short of breath
>maintaining a calm composure is harder than it seems when you’re asking her if she needs water
>she barely lifts her head above the grass, her eyes looking at you in desperation
“...Pleasssssssse...”
>your shoulders shaking from holding everything in, you reach into the basket and retrieve a water bottle
>opened, passed on, and taken away, Vilura immediately pours the entire bottle of water into her jaws
>bottle emptied, she regains her proud demeanor and hands you the empty bottle calmly, taking notice of your muffled snickering with a soft glare
“Well? Let’s not wassste any more time with this. Eat.”

>one very satisfying meal later, you let out a content sigh, gently patting your stomach
>never had you actually taken the time to prepare a nice meal for yourself; it would usually be some microwaved food or a hastily-made sandwich
>that “holy” stick of butter seems less and less appealing as you recline on the blanket, your arms supporting you from behind
>looking over at Vilura, it’s easy to see that she enjoyed her meal too
>it would be impossible to recognize her face as anything other than happiness, with her body coiled into a spiral with her arms resting on her large tail to support the appearance
>a small smile crosses your face, recalling how neither of you had made an attempt to “know each other more”
>truth be told, you didn’t think this was a “mission” at all, just a mask of what Vilura wanted to do
>with that in mind, you say her name once
>Vilura’s eye opens lazily to see you smile and thank her for taking you to this hill for lunch today
“Hm? Oh. Well, you’re welcome, I suppose. Even if this was just a simple mission, I’m glad you enjoyed it as much as I did.”
>oh, so you have the ability to enjoy things, now? every night in bed with your body wrapped around mine was just another job for you?
“Oh, quiet. It’ssss not as if I didn’t know you were enjoying it as well.”
>she does have a point; you’ve never slept as good as before when her tail coils around you every night
>Vilura’s pupil shifts forward, her face becoming one of contemplation before her eyes looks back to you
“Anon? May I try something with you? If it becomes uncomfortable at any point, I will ceassse at once.”
>well, sure, why not
>you immediately start to have second thoughts once she rises from her relaxed position and starts to slither towards you with her arms outstretched
>fuck, is this it? was it all for preparation of a “second meal?” did you really think there wasn’t anything wrong with fattening you up before the second course?
>these panicked thoughts are quelled by her arms wrapping around your midsection and pressing your body to her core, her wide hips positioning themselves to surround your lower body
>your head is placed between her massive breasts, the corners of your vision surrounded by grey cloth as she breathes
>her tail begins to coil in a spiral again and circles once beneath your legs, then going over them with a smaller section of her tail, acting as a natural recliner in slightly bending your legs comfortably
>you hear nothing except her strong heartbeat, her breathing, and an occasional hiss of happiness coming out of her jaws
>she leans forward, her head next to your ear
“Is thissss alright?” she whispered with a soft hiss
>you respond by nuzzling yourself deeper into her body, your actions eliciting a deep chuckle out of her
>together, you watch the sun slowly fall into the horizon, watching the city below you turn on its nightlights for its inhabitants 
>Vilura breathes in deeply, then letting out a happy sigh
“Thank you, Anon.”