Tea house Troubles (Bun,HMOFA,sex)
Thursday 11th of July 2019 09:08:11 AM CDT

Working at a tea house isn’t all bad.

You get good breaks, comfy atmosphere, and all of the nonspecialty tea from the menu a 24-year-old man can drink. It was an excellent job for you to score for a deadbeat like yourself. Two bucks above minimum wage, some medical benefits, and a cool tea apron.

Yup you could say that God has finally shined that small ass beacon of light upon you. Life is good. However there is one problem, well you could say a tiny problem. You think the bunny manager of the shop fucking hates your human guts.

You usually think that it’s the opposite since she hired your pathetic ass, but the vibes she is giving off is painting another picture.

She schedules you for unwanted double shifts, puts you on positions you are shit at, constantly mocks you in front of customers, and gives you the stink eye every time you walk by.

Now you would say that you have a good amount of thick skin, but it just stresses you out because you don’t want to lose your job.

You don't have any idea how to appease a 30 something-year-old bunny, but you have to try blatant kiss-assery because you don’t want to give back this sweet tea apron.

“I don’t know what to do, Lucy. I can’t lose this job, and every day she looks one disgusted glance closer to firing me.” you confided in your brown droopy-eyed moose coworker.

“I think you are an overreacting man. She’s a sweet little lady without a bad bone in her body.”

Speaking of the 5-foot furry ball of evil, she just walked into the tea shop.

“Good morning, Abigail,” Lucy says happily to the white-furred rabbit.

“Good morning, Lucy. Everything running good in the shop today?”

“Yup. The new blend of black tea is a hot seller today! Where did you get it?” 

Abigail puffs out her little chest like she was the one who made it herself. “I know a secret supplier that exclusively sells that blend to me.”

“Oh, wow. Who did you wrap around your finger to get that sort of deal? Some horny dog that’s looking to get a taste?” she said teasingly.

“No No No. I doubt anyone would be attracted to this old body of mine,” she said disparagingly before snapping her red eyes to you.

“Are you serious Abigail? You got it going on, girl! I know tons of customers around here have been asking if you are single. .” she winks her droopy eye at the bunny. “Younger guys at that.”

“I don’t know. Younger guys are more maintenance. Plus I have my hands filled with the shop and all.”

Why the fuck is she still glaring at you for? Is she saying that I am ruining her love life? OK....Maybe you are reading too much into this. Let’s just try being kind to her.

“Uh...Good morning Miss Abigail,” you say cordially.

“Why are you standing around Anonymous? If you can stand there and talk to me, then you can go bring in some customers.”  she walks away before giving you a chance to make an

Yea. She fucking hates you. How can such a cute little bunny be so hateful? She needs a good dick in her life, maybe that would sort her out. Nice springy ass, attractive sized breast, thicc ass thighs and she has a pretty face to boot. Her white fur makes her stand out from others as well with a banging body like that she could get any man. Your manager also has a good head on her shoulders as well. She is also smart, kind, and ambitious a night and day difference compared to when you are not around.

Makes you worry about your sense of self-worth when a nice person like Abigail doesn’t like you. You are lost to what you should do in this situation.

“Oh, and Anonymous. You are working until closing tonight,” she says as she spins around to glare at you with sharp red eyes of hers.

“But...”

“Is there a problem?” she snaps.

“No, ma’am!” you answered firmly.

Watching her walk off, you sighed to yourself. I am going to go bald before I leave this place.

“Cheer up Anon. At least she hates you while you have a job. You could have been fired long ago AND be hated by her.”  Lucy said, trying to console you with a pat on the back.

“Lucy. Have I ever told you how much I value our friendship? Like really. I envy your outlook on life.” you say, rubbing your eyes with a tired expression.

“Daww. I like you too, buddy,”  she said as she rubbed the top of your head like a cat.

Stupid moose.

“Since you think so much of me. I’ll do you a big favor and try to grease the wheels with the boss bunny.”

“Really? Do you think it would work?” you said as a spark of hope flickered in your eyes.

“Of course. A moose’s word is akin to truth. Well...Most of the time.”

“Thanks, Lucy. I owe you one.”

Good moose.

The two of you go about your daily routines at the tea house. Serving customers, brewing tea and cleaning countertops. 

It still amazes you till this day that people come to a tea house to sit and drink tea. Why not brew the stuff at home? You guess that’s the unrefined side of you coming out.

This place does give off one of those “comfy” vibes people been talking about on the internet. You kinda get why people like it. You catch up and enjoy a sweet drink with your friends, or you can sit and relax to get work done or unwind.

Since you get double shifts often, you get to experience this quality atmosphere almost 10 hours a day. You are kinda glad that it’s more money in your pocket, but it does feel like most of your life is serving people blends of herbs and spices all day.

You kinda want a girlfriend or something to hold at night. Your big furry body pillow isn’t cutting it at night. Sorry, Meow-chan.

But thank god it’s closing time. You want to get out of these pants and into your ‘comfy’ sweatpants. 

Heh. That word is rubbing off on you.

Ushering the last customer out of the bar you prepare to clean and lock up. At least she trusts you enough to close up shop.

You guess you can change into your casual clothes now. Abigail would kill you if she knew you used the female’s changing room. It’s not like you have any perverted intentions or anything. It's just that the men's restroom pales in comparison to a frilly nice smelling changing room.

Grabbing your bag from the small locker, you make your way to the changing room. Unbuckling your pants, you start singing that trending pop song that is always on the radio. You can’t help falling prey to corporate market schemes. The song is too damn catchy.

“Baby. I need you right now...Baby I can’t breathe without you beside me right now” you sing as you try to imitate the lead vocal’s dance moves. You gave that changing room door a thrust of its life. You doubt that door would open for anyone else after you were done with it.

Yea...cuz you are fantastic...at sex.

After getting into the changing room, you see a furry white bunny standing there in her underwear scared stiff.

Oh fuck...You are totally gonna be like that door you just opened. Fucked.

“L-L-Look it’s not what it looks like. I am just comi-” you stuttered as you tried to come up with a reasonable explanation why a bigger stronger man is walking inside of a women's locker room with his pants down in the middle of the night in a locked store.

“I know why you are here,” she said in an almost disappointed matter.

“You do?”  you say with a confused look.

Either she is really forgiving or a psychic bunny superhero that works at a tea house to cover up her superhero ventures. God, you hope she is a superhero.

“Yes. I read online that human males are vile, horny lust demons that prey after females of any race. This moment was just a matter of time.” she said matter of factly.

This was a news flash for you. You do look at an occasional ass now and again. You also tend to look at Lucy’s tits when you talk to her, but you can’t help it! They are at eye level. You mean what she is saying isn’t exactly wrong, but you need to have the nuance to handle these sorts of issues.

However, as a supervisor of this shop and protector of women, I will satiate you in the hope that you won’t lay your hands on any other poor women.”

Is she saying that you are some sort of horn ball rapist? You are actually offended by that comment.

“I’ll have you kno-” 

What the fuck? Why is she taking her bra off? Are you dreaming right now?

“Go on, Anonymous. Take out that large monstrous throbbing cock that you humans possess. I am confident that I can satisfy your urges.”

Lost as to what to do, you start removing your pants. Might as well play into her little game. You know what they say. When in Rome, fuck the furry woman.

When she saw you pull out your cock, her eyes went wide.

“As I suspected. I was the target of your lust. I could feel your lecherous eyes lick me across my small and supple body. At first, I was relieved when I hired you because I was so certain that nobody would find me attractive, but I was too foolish to human ways.” she said in defeat.

She walked up to your crotch and began to inspect the sizeable throbbing erection in front of her. Taking it into her small paws, you feel her fur provide a ticklish but pleasure sensation on your dick.

“Truly a weapon for impregnating women. I am impressed,” she said before giving your dick a few licks.

It was apparent that she had no prior experience with this sort of thing. As the licks were short, sloppy, and unsure. But you were no magnum stud yourself. So you got used to her learning how to pleasure you.

“I see you are feeling good. Just remember to keep your hands off of any poor women unaware of your schemes.”

You really did feel good. Especially when she started sucking on your head. Even though she was a tiny girl, she was trying her hardest to make you feel good. 

Honestly, it made you feel bad. You want to do something for her. Stopping her from the amateur blowjob, you picked her up and carried her out of the locker room and into the main area.

Finding one of the couches that were placed out for the customer's pleasure, you tossed her down on the orange colored sofa.

“What are you doing? We can’t do this out here! This place is for the customers.”

Gosh does she ever relax?

“I want to do it here. I thought you said that you would satisfy my urges or whatever,” you say as you peeled her soaked panties off her ample hips.

Looking between her legs, you see her pink blooming flower covered with morning dew presenting itself to you. Damn, she is drenched. You never ate pussy before, but it shouldn’t be that hard.

Going down on her, you start off with a testing lick. You feel her body shiver before her small furry hands gripped the sides of your head.

“What was that?” she said with a tinge of fright.

Ignoring her, you once again started to lick the contours of her flesh. You alternated between long broad licks and short flicks at the top of her flower. This caused her nectar to flow right into your mouth. A bit salty with a creamy aftertaste. Just like milk almost.

Getting into the groove, you snake your hands up to her small and cheeky chest. You began to tease her breast and lick her pussy in tandem. You must’ve been doing an excellent job because the hand on your head went from a push to a pull in no time. Her body is quaking in pleasure, which was good, but you don’t want her to finish without you.

Pulling your head away, you look up to see the white-furred bunny in a heated gaze. Eyes half-lidded and drool falling from her mouth.

“Ha. Is...that all... you got?” she said, panting her brains out.

Standing up, you pull her body closer to the edge of the couch. You lay your cock on top of her stomach for her to prepare of what’s going to happen next.

Feeling your scorching hot meat rod lay on her stomach, she nervously gulps from the sheer size difference between the two of you.  Did you scare her? Guess you have to take this slow.

Getting on the couch, you position yourself overtop of her in a missionary position. Lining you dick up to her soaked entrance you didn’t penetrate. You simple rubbed the tip of your cock along her folds. Which eased her up and provided some lubricant for the impending fuck.

Embracing her in a hug, you began to whisper sweet nothings into her ear.  Like how she is a good girl and that she is so smart and brave. And how good she makes you feel.

“Is this some sort of human trick Anonymous? Are you trying to make me fall for you? B-Because it’s not working” she mumbled embarrassedly.

You began kissing and nibbling on her face and neck. Licking here and pecking there, it seems like kisses are the way to open her up. Pressing the head of your cock into her pussy, you began to slowly push your way inside of Abagail.

Holy shit, she is tight. You were more girthy than you were long, but it seemed like it was all the same to her tight hole. She could handle at least half of your cock before you had to coach her into more. It was undoubtedly going to be a close fit.  

“Ugh...” you hear her groan as she tried to take your length.

“I’m going to take it slow. So tell me when you are ready,” you whispered into her ear/

Nodding in approval, you went back to nibbling her jaw. Even if your dick was just sitting inside her, it still felt like heaven to you. You also think that she enjoys being stuffed with your cock. Moving her head towards yours, you lock lips with her. You can tell that she was surprised by the kiss by the way that her pussy was spasming around your cock.

“Go on. Move,” she said in a smoky commanding voice. 

Obliging her demands you slowly pull your cock out of the warm wet vice grip she calls a pussy. It was harder to take out than putting it inside of her. Finally pulling a good deal out of her you decide to slide back in.  You repeat this motion until you got a good rhythm going. She loosened up a good bit, but it was still a pleasant fit.

Grunts and moans fill the silent tea shop as the two of you continued the hot lovemaking in the middle of the room. Lazily humping this greedy bunny hole, she kept demanding for you to kiss her.

Leaning in, you stick your tongue into her tiny mouth. She tried to combat the large invader but lost due to getting pounded by your large cock. The two of you decided to share saliva with each other. You sucked on her tongue, and she licked whatever her tiny tongue could gather from your mouth.

All of this stimulation was building up pressure in your cock. You felt your cock twitch and throb at a more rapid pace.

“I think I am going to cum.” you broke away from her mouth to say.

“D-Do it outside.”

“Why can’t I cum inside?” you half asked half begged her.

“Only my future husband can cum inside me,” she said firmly.

Thinking about your current situation. You know exactly what she wanted you to do.

Looking down into her blood red eyes, you whispered to her. “Will you marry me then?”

As if you flipped a switch, you feel furry legs wrapped around your waist, pulling you deeper into her squeezing pussy. Shocked by the sudden plunge, you gasp in pleasure only to have your mouth filled by hers. Pulling you into a hug, the two of you lay there. You can feel her pussy going in overdrive trying to get its prize. Your cum.

The throbbing in your dick increases up to a toe-curling level before you explode inside of her. Wads and wads of spunk fill her warm wet crevices. In a chain reaction, her body is telling her that it got what it wanted and sends a signal to her brain to start an orgasm. The two of you ride off each other red hot waves of pleasure until satisfied.

Bathing in the afterglow, you picked her up and lay her on top of your chest. Dragging a furred finger across your chest, you hear her say something.

“We should get married fast.”

“Huh? Why?” you asked.

“I always wanted to have kids when I was younger.”

Not surprising for a bunny.

“All my friends have at least 4 of them. I get so jealous when I visit,” she says while looking up at you from your chest.

“Well, I don’t mind having kids,” you said while rubbing her back.

“Good. We have a lot of catching up to do.”

Wait why were you in the changing room so late in the night?

“Lucy told me that you wanted to grease my wheels and explained to me that was the human saying for fucking,” she said honestly.

Stupid moose.