You wipe the sweat from your brow as you cast your shovel back into the ground. Reaching for your handkerchief you wipe a days worth of sweat and grime from your brow. Godamn is it hot. You’ve been laboring since sunup digging a new irrigation channel for your little farm and while you were never really the physical type, all of the fighting and battles that had ravaged Earth in the recent past became too much for you to bear, so you ran. You ran to the middle of nowhere and lived off the grid. Eager to carve out a life in the dirt, eager to survive in a world where it seems every other day there’s another alien attack and another city leveled.
 
A series of sonic booms cracks overhead, jostling you from your dustbowl daydreams. You look to the horizon and spot a large plume of dust in the distance. A meteor? No, you would have felt an impact like that that close. You spit upon the barren earth and return to the back of your pickup truck, taking a swig of water and your rifle. It is an ancient thing. Old and mended as many times as it has years if not more, but it has served you well, and you recken it will serve you once more.
 
You hoist the antique firearm over your shoulder and begin your trek further into the plains and towards the rising plume and no sooner have you arrived than you find yourself cursing your decision to investigate. Through the clouds and the light of the rapidly setting sun you can easily make out a spherical object. Your hand unconsciously tightens on your aged companion. You know what this is. It’s one of THEM. You’ve never seen one of the aliens up close, but you know for sure this has to be one of them. A Saiyan. Sweat beads on your face as you begin to inch closer, recalling old news reports from when you were younger. About how these things could level armies with a flick of the wrist. Maybe it died on impact?
 
The pod whirrs and exhales. Something rises up out of it and through the dust. A woman, all too human looking. Maybe in her early 30’s with wild unkept hair. Her… rather generous proportions stuffed into some sort of armored spandex swimsuit, accented with thigh high boots and gloves. If you didn’t know any better, you’d swear you just stepped onto the set of an old 80’s rock music video. The amazon of a woman fiddles with some small device on the side of her head for a moment before crossing her arms and smirking; her cat, or maybe ape like tale thrashes back and forth before curling around her waist. It is in this moment you realize you’ve had your rifle set on her this whole time, however she seems less than threatened judging by her lax posture.
 
* “My what pitiful creatures you humans are indeed! Do you honestly think such a puny weapon could so much as bruise me? Go ahead and try if you dare!” She opens up her posture and waves you on. You’re not going to get a second chance like this. You pull the trigger. The shot booms and echos around the valley, however the alien intruder is left standing and unharmed. She reaches into her cleavage; producing a sliver of the bullet you just fired and promptly flicks it at your feet, creating a decent sized crater. Shaken by the reversal, you jump back, but your feet never touch the ground again. You gasp and choke for air, her hand wrapped tightly around your throat, hoisting you in the air. Great, they’re fast too. You struggle and gasp for air, dropping your gun, you claw at her veiny and bulging arm, feverishly struggling to gain any form of leverage.
 
Your vision swims as you continue your blind fumble. Oh lord please doesn’t let those piercing red eyes and that malicious sneer be the last thing you see. You feel your hands grasp at something soft and squishy, then hard. Hard… then furry and easy to wrap a hand around. You clamp down and yank and… surprisingly enough you fall to the ground gasping. Your attacker balls her fists, a hint of blush on her face and you scramble forwards once more, managing to grab ahold of the furry makeshift belt one more time. She freezes in place, sweat starting to bead from her brow.
 
“H-how! It’s impossible! A worm like you… I’LL CRUSH YOUR SKULL! UNHAND ME OR SUFFER MY WRATH!” Interesting… you begin to pace around her, your hand wrapped firmly around her tail. It seems that for all the destructive power these savage invaders had, disabling them was as easy as grabbing their tails. Some sort of pressure point? You stop for a minute, tuning out her constant yelling and berating to admire her near hourglass figure and tight ass. You have to admit; even though she wants to kill your entire species, she’s got a pretty tone and attractive body. You tug on her uniform a bit and let it snap against her tanned rump causing another string of expletives to explode from her mouth. You’re alone in the middle of nowhere, an… attractive city destroying space monster is here with you, and there’s no way oyu can possibly drag something like this back to your shack and call for help like Will Smith did in that one movie. You’re probably going to die out here as you’ll eventually have to let go and then she’ll liquefy you.
 
You’re going to die… attractive alien girl… helpless… a smile cracks across your face as your Kirk senses flair. If she wants so badly to destroy your people, you may as well give her a reason to. Or maybe teach her to love or something. Not to mention all those long hours in the fields and your pent up frustrations… she looks over her shoulder and catches you, the color draining from her face. “Wh-what are you planning you weakling! JUST WAIT UNTIL I SMEAR YOUR CARCASS AGAINS-“ You grab her chin and silence her, pulling her into a deep kiss, your tongue tracing the shapes and contour of her teeth, but never entering her mouth for fear of losing it.  You pull away, a few glistening beads of saliva connect you for a split second longer.  She tastes of smoked meat. Her mouth curls into another snarl as she inhales and prepares another insult, but is silenced by you once more as you shift her weight and throw her to the ground.
 
She hates your kind so much? Then how would she feel to be so completely dominated by one of you? This is your final act, humanities last stand, the only chance for survival, the only chance to live the dream. You’re going to fuck an alien.
 
You wipe the dirt and grime off of your free hand on your shirt and yank on her tail, hoisting her ass up into the air into a more presentable position. She begins yelling about how a proud warrior will never kneel to such a race of weaklings and all that jazz, but you continue to tune her out as you slowly rub from the base of her tail to the front of her crotch, fantasizing what strange wonders these garments conceal and though the heat of the day is giving way to the night, you notice a marked increase in the heat being emitted from her nethers. and removing your fingers, you notice a darkened streak in the strange fabric as well. Your heart races as you begin to pull her uniform to the side and expose her… human looking pussy. You’re not sure what you were expecting, but at least it was familiar. The lips quiver and occasionally wink, betraying her disgust.
 
“If you release me I promise the death of you and your people will be swift and painless!” she croaks. You slam her face into the dirt with all of your strength and grind it in place as you gently begin teasing her lower lips. Sliding along her back you whisper in her ear “How does it feel to be so completely powerless? To be so completely dominated by a lesser life form? You wanted this all along didn’t you? That’s why you didn’t just dust by ass the second you saw me. You wanted to be dominated by a beast. Well sister, I’m gunna make that dream come true.” You finish, nipping at her ear.
 
She glairs at you, her eyes filled with rage and spits on your face. “I swear I will rip you limb from limb you honorless swine…” you turn your attention back to her most tender of areas, breathing deep the scent of now moistened dirt, the salt and heavy aroma of her sweat, and of corse the unusually sweet aroma of her waiting sex. You plunge in head first, eagerly lapping at her honey like a starving man. She lets out a billowing yell and you stop only long enough to undo your fly and release your aching member, holding it under the felled warrior woman and soaking it in her nectar.
 
You tap at her entrance, sliding back and forth. She occasionally presses back into you, but stops with a good tail yanking. She wants this wither she’ll admit it or not. Deciding you had teased the invader enough, you slowly ease into her and she contracts, popping you back out. This won’t do at all.  You adjust your grip further down the base of her tail and snake your thumb into her ass. She jumps in place and you swat at her backside producing a pleasant little juggle. You wonder if she can even feel pain. You ready yourself once more and this time, plunge in with all your strength and push past something unusual. You pause for a moment. Was the Saiyan a virgin? Was this really some sort of perverse psudo-beastiality fetish for her and not just one of your clumsy insults? Pushing the thoughts aside you begin pumping into her with reckless abandon. Her slick velvety walls messaging every inch of your member. The inner workings of her pussy, while humanlike, are far more intense and ribbed than you had ever hoped for. With each thrust it feels like she’s sucking you deeper and deeper, refusing to give up or lose. Threatening to own you. Splashing you with her love with each thrust.
 
Waves of intense pleasure crash down on you and you feel a pain in your face. Judging by the position of the moon, you’ve been rutting like an animal in heat for at least an hour; pistoning back and forth into your new fucktoy, eager to break it. You feel your balls tightening and realizing the inevitable, you grab a fist full of the space ape women’s hair and ram yourself to the hilt into her throbbing cunt, tidal waves of your ropy cum erupt deep within her womb as she screams and clenches again, hard and forcibly ejects you from her cunt, sending you flying. A yellow light explodes from her and scorches the earth around her. You hit the ground, hard and your vision fades to black, only to awaken to the same woman, now lording over you, her foot ground into your chest, bottomless and wearing a giant grin on her face as your seed leeks from her cunt.
 
“Well then the earth welp has spirit.” She reaches between her thighs and collects some of your pearls, webbing them between her fingers before licking them clean “Time to see how far I can push your training until you break…”


https://static1.e621.net/data/0d/b5/0db572ca2e13ef9e154a7a256c67c84b.jpg


(repost. something I wrote by request for /tg/ back in 2014. Original paste link: https://pastebin.com/1MuC9kfQ)
