Magdalin Stared absentmindedly out of her floor to ceiling panoramic window into the city beyond, leaning back against the comfortable leather seat she had picked out for her CEO office. Held in her hands was a photo frame showing a 30-something version of herself and her six children, all smiling widely some sort of forested area with a picnic table. They had now all fully left the proverbial nest, pursuing their own interests. One of her daughters had even had a litter of her own, which had triggered the need to be motherly in the mid-40s, off-white furred rabbit business woman.
 
It was close to the end of the fiscal year, all her under managers were busy with he various duties they'd been hired to do right, which for once meant she had free time outside her normal leave. The lack of stimuli from her job and the awoken need within her was a plague she wished she could disperse easily, but knew being a rabbit would make all but impossible. She huffs in annoyance, placing the framed keepsake back into in prideful place on her pristine and organised desk. Her fist clenched at the sudden desire to swipe everything else off her desk. She needed something to take her mind off the boredom and creeping need within her.
 
"I don't want someone to date, I just need someone to breed me and not run off again..." She whispered to herself, emotional pain sliced through her mind, giving her something to focus on, even if it was just to maintain her stoicism in case someone entered her office without appointment.
 
Appointments. A gear clicked in her mind. She had an idea. End of the fiscal year usually meant HR was shitting itself under Accounting's thumb to make the business seem like it was spending more than it actually was. Typical tax dodge, but had the advantage of finding fresh meat for the grinder. Oh how she needed some fresh meat.... Snapping back to the idea in hand, she opened HR's shared document space on her computer, and started to browse the latest shipment of raw minds and bodies. Just limit to male bodies, and now it was a menu for her discerning appetite.
 
Too shady. Too large. Too below average. Clearly hired because of nepotism. Clearly not interested in Woman. Clearly not Interested in Anthros. Magdalin's search was starting to feel like it was a wild goose chase. None of these "Men" piqued her interest. She was about to give up hope when she spotted him. The most average every man her company could have possibly hired.
 
Last name: Nymous
First name: Ano
Age: Early 20s
Specimen? Perfect
Target: Acquired.
 
Magdalin smirked to herself, and began formulating her plan on how she'd capture her unwitting suitor.
 
---------------------------
 
Mr Nymous, known to friends as Anon, was already starting to hate the monotony of office work. All the figures, columns, layouts, or whatever he was staring at were starting to lose all meaning. He was worried he was starting to fall asleep at his desk, when a clawed paw scratched around the cubicle wall. Anon's albino and cantankerous rat manager slowly pulled his head into the space.
 
"Mr Nymous" Anon could feel the disgust this rodent had for him as he said the name. "I've been informed you're booked in for an....." Slow rasping breathe that could be compared to a death rattle. "Appointment, with one of the.... Higher ups...." He lifts up a cup of what you hope is just coffee to his lips and takes a slow slurping drink from it. "You're to leave immediately...." His paw disappears behind the cubicle wall for a moment, and returns with a slip of paper, held between his thumb a forefinger as if it was contaminated.
 
"uhm... OK, news to me.. Sir" Anon tries his best not to be visibly annoyed by the delivery of this unexpected distraction. He takes the post it note sized piece of paper, the rodent somehow disappearing as quietly as he had appeared. He Looks over the information, and shrugs off the weirdness of being called to some manager he's never met before. He stands and stretches deciding to just assume its a randomized performance check.
 
It takes three Lifts to get to the 40th floor where Anon's meeting is set to be held. Something to do with being structurally safer in case of fire. Following the numbers on the doors, He notices very few people are freely walking about, and from what he can see through the windows in each door, that most of this rooms seem to be dedicated server rooms.
 
"Did that literal Rat Bastard send me on a elbow grease and headlight fluid run?" Anon says out loud to nobody in particular as reaches the door the note noted to find, its windows being the only ones covered. His hand goes to the handle and begins to turn it. "If I've wasted my shift scrambling around this building for no reason...." Anon stops half way through his small rant as he realises its an actual office with an impressive view of the city. But what truly catches his eye is the curvaceous female white rabbit sitting prim and proper behind the desk, hands steepled together and a faint smirk on edges of her lips. Senses slap him in the face, and he immediately straightens himself both in posture and the work clothes he is wearing. "s,Sorry for keeping you waitng..." Is the best you can to hopefully cover up being a tad unprofessional as you entered the office.
 
"hmm? Oh its not a problem Mr Nymous, I hope you didn't have too much trouble finding my office on such short notice?" Her voice had a slight roughness to it, but firmness and femininity that complimented her form. Anon walked at a measured pace towards the desk, and the simple chair between himself and it. "Please take a seat, and do relax, as this will be a very informal discussion." Anon couldn't help but relax his shoulders at the least as he took a seat before the woman who emanated power. He chose not to slouch, keeping his back straight and hands resting loosely on his thighs.
 
"I hope my performance isn't cause for concern, or this meeting?" Anon nervously asked, legitimately concerned about his current employment status, despite his previous feelings of monotony. Magdalin simply chuckled.
 
"I knew I'd picked a winner" She spoke so quietly, but he still overheard it. Her tone had an edge of seduction in it, and Anon couldn't stop his body noticing, not helped by her furred cleavage straining hard against the CEO's suit jacket. A stray thought about her breast size made him realise she wasn't wearing a shirt or some other normal top beneath the suit. "You're performance is what the company needs, but you've confirmed for me that your attitude to work is what I was looking for." Another quiet growl of her sultry voice caressed Anon's lurking libido. He let out the breath he had unknowingly been holding, but worry was soon replaced with concern.
 
"Thats nice to hear considering I've not been working for the company long. I still look forward to my career within the company" Anon couldn't help but fidget on his chair. Her eyes were fixed on his, chin resting on her hands as her arms rested on their elbows on the desktop. Her eyes seemed to simmer with some sort of fire. Never in any previous job did a manager react like this.
 
"Ooh, I look forward to it as well" She didn't keep her voice quiet this time, instead is was loud and clear and laced with sultry tones. The rabbit anthro gracefully pulled herself up from her desk and chair,one hand casually rest on the desktop, and she began to circle around. Magdalin reveled in the feeling of wearing her heels for this moment, as they helped her show off her hips as they swayed with her steps. "I have you here because I have a proposition for you, and only you." She never took her eyes of her prey, finishing her senteance by leaning her rump against the wood surface of her desk, Hands laying on her hips.
 
"Oh god, please don't notice!" Was all Anon could think as she stood barely two foot away from him, and the tent of his trousers. "You re-requested me, and I'm h-here, so I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious and... interested, in what you'd like to propose." Nervousness was not what he was used to feeling while his body raged about being so close to the curvaceous rabbit. Now she was closer, he could confirm her chest was indeed completely bare under the jacket, not even a hint of a bra. Her business skirt looked like it would've barely reached her knees, and her sultry walk closer now had the bottom raised to nearly halfway up her thigh. These two facts of observation were pumping adrenaline and arousal all through his body, but the adrenaline was also fueling minor paranoia at how predatory she felt towards him.
 
"My proposal is simple." She raised one hand up to just above her breast, squeezing the DD cub against her clothing, threatening to slip it out. "I put you on a managerial fast track...." One step forward as she raises her other hand to rest on his shoulder, giving no illusion that the great view he was receiving wasn't intentional. "And you fuck me until I'm full of our children, and become the man of my life." Her nose was within an inch of his face, her voice spilling with arousal, and her eyes burning brightly with sexual hunger.
 
"That sounds..." He started before the gears in his brain whirred into life. His brain had barely moments to think of something before all processing power was redirected from below the belt. Best it could do? A sheepish grin, and a faux confident. "When do we start?"
 
"As soon as those trousers hit the floor young man." She throatily responded, bringing her lips to his, as one hand pulled her jacket poping the strain buttons to unleash her breasts against his chest. Her other hand snaked around his head pulling him close and standing. It surprised her a little when he beat her to the tongue fencing, his invading her mouth and prying a lustful moan from her. She couldn't see it, but she could tell his hands had already undone the buckle of his belt and the trousers were already slipping floor-wards. His free hands now begun exploring her, first by starting to stroke her thighs and slyly lift her skirt. Magdalin hummed to herself that he'd figured out she'd not be wearing any underwear.
 
Anon was praising every god he could imagine and remember, real, fake and video game. He internally chuckled at how she was about a head shorter than him now that he was standing properly before her, and he decided to take advantage by slowly pushing her back to her desk. His assault on her mouth and the soft thigh on and between her legs made it easier than he expected considering the presence she was putting out just moments ago. As her rump met the edge again, Magdalin quickly hopped up to sit upon the cold, varnished, surface, as her skirt was fully pulled up to her waist.
 
"Remember young man..." She practically gasped as she pulled away from the intense french kiss battlefield, pressing a trembling finger to his lips, and focusing on his eyes yet again. "I'm expecting at least another six children from you..." she breathed heavily, eyes half-lidded from the arousal.She moves her hand to push down the waistband of his underwear, fingers stroking down his veiny length, eliciting a moan from Anon. "no need for foreplay, I just want this and your thick baby batter stuffed inside me!" A firm grasp, and Magdalin pulled the younger man between he thick thighs and his cockhead against her well lubricated lips.
 
Anon briefly remembered he was a virgin, before an almost primal part deep within him banished all sense from his mind to take the reins. Both hands wrapped around the rabbit's waist, squeezing her tightly and he thrust his cock into her waiting and wanting body, pushing himself fully to the hilt in a quick motion. He gasps loudly as the otherwordly sensations passes through her nerves to his lustful mind, while his lupine mate wraps her arms around his shoulders and her drooling lips to his neck.
 
As Anon pulls his cock slowly from her quim, she hisses a deep breath against his skin and digs her manicured nails into his back. Just as his tip feels its about to slip from her does he push forward in a strong thrust, striking the air from them both. Without pause, he begins to saw his hips back and forth, his cock in an out. Magdalin lifts her knees and locks her feet behind his back, her shoes having fallen off allowing her to dig a heel into the small of his back. Anon shifts within her grasp, his month planting onto one of her motherly breasts and laps his tongue viciously against the teat at its summit. Each thrust became accompanied by a sharp suck, while each pull back came with a rough lick.
 
Anon quickly found himself at the limit of his first sexual experience. His fingers dug into the fur of Magdalins firm butt, forcing his cock as deep as could be, his tip briefly kissing her cervix. The floodgates opened, his cum flowed hot and thick, filling her vagina, and passing through into her womb. The feeling her body craved finally being sated sent her over the edge also, her limbs constricting against the man within her arms. Without a thought, she bit down onto his shoulder. His cock pulsed fresh cum, while her pussy milked every drop. Her arousal the only fluid escaping onto the desktop and the floor.
 
For a time all they could do was gasp for breath. Each mind was in bliss, and didn't want to return to the world. Anon was the first to break the moment with a soft chuckle, and bringing his eyes to gaze into those of his new mates'. Nose to nose, they smiled at each other.
"So... when do you want to go on a date?" He half-joked, but half seriously asked his boss.  With him buried to the hilt, neither could think of a better follow up then to laugh lovingly together.
 
https://www.patreon.com/evocationmedia

