Your ankle is still aching
>>You shouldn't have gone hiking this late
>>If the native wolfess didn't help you, you'd have been lying with a twisted ankle in the dark
>>Your sat round a warm fire sitting on a log, the wolfess sitting away from you
>>She hasn't said much from a few words but you feel awkward, your not used to meeting anthro's since there almost extinct all by mankind's doing
>>she glares at you in slience
>>Her topaz blue eyes stare with the anger of a thousand ancestors
>>You clear your throat ready to make some light conversation
>>"Um, thank you for rescuing me,"
>>"..."
>>"Ya know, it really is beautiful out here you meet a lot of humans round here?"
>>"Her face scrunches up, it seems you hit a nerve"
>>"No. It's never good to be around your kind. You kill and destroy. You are the harbinger of death"
>>This isn't going well,
>>"Well that was in the past, I never did anything to you"
>>She calms back down with a few sharp inhales through her snout
>>"Well, I like to be careful. Not safe to be around anybody, all people bring is death...and broken promises"
>>She sees to be lost in thought at that last bit
>>Feeling her temper reside you get closer to the pondering wolfess
>>"Don't you get lonely out here all alone?"
>>You scootch closer to her on the log
>>"I admit. It's quiet out here. I haven't talked to another soul. Let alone a Human in many moons"
>>Her face turns to a sorrow look, feeling scared before but seeing the loneliness in her cold peircing eyes, was just a lonely creature
>>"You know..."
>>Your an arms reach away from the somber wolfess
>>"I wouldn't mind talking a bit longer"
>>A faint smile creeps onto the wolfess's cheek
>>"Very well. If you must"


                   ______________


You talk about minute things she seems interested about the human world, she fasinated by things you take for granted like transportation or hot shower you even get her to laugh it's throaty and booming, then, you bring up that "broken promises" comment earlier, her face drops, she stands up, you quickly fluster to apologize
"I'm sorry I didn't mean to offend its just you said you never met people that much-"
She cuts you off 
"That's none of your business human. Careful of your tounge. Or you might wake up without it got it!" She snaps her teeth at that last part, you got the message, she stars to walk away, if she leaves you're as good as dead, your miles away your tent and your phone smashed when falling over you stretch your arm out to wolfess Huffington away
"NO! Please! I'm sorry please don't leave me all alone" you start to feel helpless, all it takes is her to walk into the forest and you'll die but she doesn't, she stops dead in her tracks, her ear pricks up around behind her she waits there, arms folded. She lets out a sigh.

"Fine. Through only pity I'll stay. But one more comment like that and your supper understand!" You just nod not trying to anger the agitated wolfess she sits down back on the log, too afraid to talk you just stare at her; her long silky black hair that caresses her muscular back and shoulders her bright blue eyes that could be seen in the darkest of nights, her tall height would make any man think twice even with a gun, but your watching is interrupted by a shooting pain in your ankel 
"Aaaa! Fuck!"
Her eyes widen and comes to your aid she gently touches your ankle looking at the damage, she had already taken off your shoe and sock, she sits next to you as she hands you some berries 
"Here; eat these." There strange looking not like usual berries your unsure about it and feel uneasy but the pain was hurting and you wanted it to to stop, you gulp them down, they taste awful, but not awful to bare with the pain awful, she looks over to your ankel again
"Yes. Very sore indeed." She thinks out loud
"Yeah..." You disheartenedly reply.
No Fucking shit it's sore!! it's not like I'm build like a shithouse like you!, you dumb wolf!! was what you wanted to say but since you like speaking and having balls  you didn't, the berries seem to be kicking in you feel numb like being on pharmaceutical drug you let out a chuckle in amusement.

"Haha wow I didn't think  it would work I thought it would be poison or something"
Her furry brow raised high at your remark
"Oh~ and why would *I* do such a thing, typical human always paranoid of death"
She gives a faint throaty chuckle. 
"Okay, so why are you helping me" you say with genuine intregement, she stops and looks up to the starry sky, the stars glistening in her beautiful blue eyes
"I promised...I promised I wouldn't be like my elders or my tribe, they talked about being kind, and peaceful but It only extended with our kind, I'd here's stories about the elders in thier prime fighting humans or killing hunters at first it was for survival but as the years went on it became more about an never ending revenge on all humans, I couldn't be a part of it,"
She looks back down and stares into the roaring campfire
 
"One day we saw a group of humans, they were building, they used our trees to form square homes, the elders of the tribe were furious they had a meeting on what to do, I tried to warn them but the males and elders didn't listen, they didn't understand the days of the slow death stick were over it was faster and more powerful than them they promised me they wouldn't, I tried begging and pleading with them with my life, but when I woke up I heard loud noises in the distance and my mouth had been bound tight by rope to stop me from talking, I pulled it off and ran as fast as I could to the noise but when I got there it was too late, all of them had been slaughtered, I thought it was man but to my own suprise that I would have never for seen in a thousand moons; it was our kind, they had killed the tribe, there fur coverd in human cloth and shiny metal on there chests, I watched In the bushes, if anthro's were killing like the humans, how would I be safe? So I ran and ran all alone into the woods my pain and sorrow marching me through the woods "if only they'd have left them in peace" I kept telling myself , I got back to my camp, it didn't feel the same; All alone, too many memories so I kept moving through our forest and lived that way for a long time, untill I stumbled upon a human who was crying out in pain"
She gazes her eyes at you with a half smile on her face
"I thought, surely this human is harmless, I can take care of him and make peace with my kin and put there souls of hatred to rest so that they may find peace again"
Its hard hearing all of this, you feel guilty even hiking through the woods.

"I'm so sorry..." You don't have a name, she sees by your face your waiting for her to tell you.
"Sky bright; my mother gave me that name"
She smiles as her eyes close thinking fondly of better times
"Well, I'm sorry Sky, for coming out here on your home" she holds her big fluffy paw on your lips to stop you from talking
"It's ok, I'm glad, you've been very kind," there's a moment between you, it's unspoken but there is, it feels strange but you feel close to sky like she was a human it feels natural, the moment doesn't last long as rain clouds form and rain kills the fire and the mood, she looks up to the sky as your clothes start to get drenched she thinks quickly what to do, it comes to her,

"Quickly I'll take you to my home" without asking she picks you up with her strong arms and cradels you, she holds you close, you try to not look at the mounds on her chest which your mind can only imagine are it's breasts, you just look around, a blurry vision as Sky runs through the forest her fur soaked to her bones before you know it you can see a cabin in the clearing, it's what she knows as the square homes she rushes inside, it's warm and dry, luckily it's not old looking, there's a bed with a dream cathcinger hanging from the roof above the bed and few shelves with child toys carved from wood on them, and a fire place, Sky places you in one of the chairs as she starts a fire it doesn't take long to rise it's warmth but your not getting warmer,

Having your foot exposed to the rain has made it cold and numb, your shaking uncontrollably, Sky spots this and panics
"Quick remove your cloth it's too wet!"
Your mind takes a second to process what the wolfess just said
"W-wait!, You want me t-to" a mixture of embarrassment and coldness makes you stutter, she grabs your shorts and pulls them off with ease, she leans you forward in the chair and literally rips the shirt pulling it off your just left in your boxers, before she goes any further she gets a furred pelt and covers you over its cosy and warm, the fur was Matt feeling but this isn't a five star hotel.

The pelt and fire does its magic and you warm up, Sky pulls up a chair next to you her wet fur dripping on the floor under her chair she shakes near the fire and gets what looks like a towel, you wonder why she didn't just give you a towel instead if stripping you practically naked when she starts to chat
"It beats being out there doesn't it Human." She stretches out her legs, almost long enough to be set on fire how close they are to the fire place
"Yeah it sure does, So do you prefer a man made cab- er, Square homes Sky?"
She swishes her tail around, as she grins wiggling her toes at the fire
"Umm Hmm~ I found it empty and put all my things in here and made this as my home, it beats the camp fire anyday" she lets out a content sight as she looks at you, you start to feel awkward and feel butterflies in your stomach,
"What~ what cha' looking at?" You say ruffling the pelt making sure no "excitement" pops up through 
"Oh nothing just, I haven't had this much good fun in a while, so I meant to ask you? Why are you out here human?" She rests her head into her hand propped up with her arm resting on arm chair,
"So tell me human; what about you, why are you out here, what do you like" her tail swished, she has a intent look if Interest on her face.

"Well, not much from back at the log really, let me think, well; I have time this week all to myself, I usually stay in my "square home" a lot Actually, so I decided to go out into the woods hiking, I'd never been before but apparently Redwood Pines is famous it's history and culture, so I took my bag and went out, I slipped on a surface and fall awkwardly on my ankle, then you find me and come to my aid, and that's about it Sky." She jolts her head and her eyes come to life "oh human!, I just remembered, I have some tea, I'll make some! "She happy went to get a kettle; she brews the hot tea cupping the warm brew and slipping away like being at at an old English tea shop but with a two legged wolf lady"


                   ________________




Eventually, the tea had gone, the fire had died and it was time for bed, but there was only one, Sky jumps on the bed and with the room left she taps it for you to climb in.
"Sky I don't know about this." You mumble under your breath, the wolfess looks hurt, her face pains you, so you give up and drop the pelt and climb in, her mood perks right up again she turns to her side lifting her arm to spoon you. Oh boy hear goes you face away from the wolfess, as she snuggles in closer, her mounds pressed against you,

Your tired and the bed, and Sky, are soft and warm, you feel completely safe, you start to close your eyes, "goodnight Sky" you yawn to the drifting off wolfess. "Goodnight Human" your eyes closed and you fall asleep almost immediately, but Sky does not, she runs her fingers through your hair before whispering under her breath before finally falling to sleep. "Please don't leave me"



What follows is Sky taking care of you for a whole week, or at least feels like a a whole week, counting the tea brews and the sun going down, she cooks and cleans and tends to your injury, you enjoy the time, she's so happy, completely different from the first time you met her, you grew closer to her, she'd act like a close friend than a stranger, you'd rest by day and talk when Sky had come back as you sit round the fire and snuggel up to big wolfess at night, your preemptive worry sleeping with her has washed away as your hold her tightly, her arms wrapped around you as you sleep like a romantic couple, you ankel starts to feel better, you can't walk but you can slowly limp,

While Sky is out hunting for food you take a slow walk outside the cabin, to you take in the scenery around you, the trees that go on forever the salmon pink clouds and blue tinted skies, and the moon shinning brightly in the low winter sun. You feel the breeze and smell the crispy earthly air; It was heaven, but enjoying the scenery, reality came rushing back to you like the dull pain on your ankel, you had to go back to civilization, but how would you tell her, you didn't want to leave but you had your family and friends and a job. Before you can mull over these sad thoughts you see Sky coming over the clearing she waves as she carries a chicken in the other she reaches you and gives you a warm hug

"What are you doing out here~ let's go inside" she puts her head under your arm as she helps you back inside, she plops you down in the chair as she gets dinner prepared, you at least should mention returning back to the real world.
"Say...Sky my ankel is getting better..."
She continues to hum as she stews the pot and puts the vegetables inside.
"So I'll...be going home soon"
She stops immediately. Her humming gone. She doesn't look back at you, she's just in slience. You try to do some damage control
"B-But don't worry Sky, I'll come back... I promise."
That word was her triggering mechanism. She spins round her face snarled up her eyes sharp and pupils like the size of rice, 
"YOUR PROMISE MEANS NOTHING!. I SAVED YOU, I TOOK CARE OF YOU AND NOW YOUR LEAVING ME!? LIKE THE OTHERS?!, HOW COULD YOU HUMAN! TO THINK I WAS  FOOLISH ENOUGH TO BELIEVE YOU COULD BE MY-" Her houl like shouting is cut of from the sound of a banging door, was it a human?, but the sudden fear in Sky's eyes says otherwise.
"Oh no, they must have smelled your scent, ancestors please protect us" you hear Sky softly cooe to herself, the banging gets louder until the door swings open; It was a wolf like Sky. He was smaller than her, he sniffs the air and his head sharply turns to you
"You! Human!." It seem to speak brutish and in broken dialogue, Sky must be more intelligent than the male counterparts
"Human kill. Human with our female."
She stomps her foot on the ground for intimation.
"You need to go, before I make you" Sky snarls at the wolf it makes him madder
"Raaah!. Human die NOW!" With that he pounces on you, Sky shrieks in fear
"NO!!" before he can open his maw you kick him back, but the force of it knocks you backwards out of the chair, your helpless on the floor, suddenly something behind Sky's eye's snaps as she turns into a rage filled fury she grabs it by the neck.
"I. Warned. You. Savage Beast. Now you'll join your ancestors."
With that she snaps it's neck like a twig you feel fear but also excitement as her powerful strength is on display as she throws it outside like it was a stray cat and slams the door shut her breathing heavy, her body hunched over growling and grumbling, you slowly and gruelling drag yourself up to your feet, making sure not to put too much pressure on your swollen ankle
"Sky?... you ok?"
There was no response. She turns round and see's you, and glares, still in her predatory stance, her blue eyes narrow, the feeling of being her dinner gets more and more probable every second passes.

All you can do is plea with the angry beast,
"SKY! I'M SORRY! PLEASE! IF YOUR STILL THERE, PLEASE COME BACK! YOUR NOT LIKE THEM!-I'M NOT LIKE THEM!" it seems to have worked, her anger passes and washes from her face and her tensed up muscles, she looks around like she'd returned back in her own body and lost track of where she is, she rushes over to you and hugs you tightly, your head buried in her soft chest.

"Oh, my sweet human! I-I don't know what came over me! I saw you in danger and-and I was filled with this unrelenting rage I couldn't come back"
She starts kissing your head all over
"Then I heard your voice calling to me from the darkness all around me," she stops between words to cover your face with wet kisses
"Your wonderful. Amazing. Voice." She catches your lips accidentally. she stops and looks into your eyes, theres a awkward pause, like time had stood still, she does it again softly and slowly, watching your reaction, you close your eyes as you return the gesture, she advances to using her tounge, her large wolfess tounge coils and darts around your mouth, she picks you up in one fell swoop and brings you to the bed, all without her lips from moving from yours.

Your both locked in eachother's arms and eachother's kiss, she holds you tight to her chest, she pulls away from the kiss, salvia strands coming from her wanting lips.
"Are you my reward Human?" The breathless wolfess's smiles "to finally find love, and end my solitude" she rubs her forehead on yours, as you caress her face while looking into her diamond blue eyes, filled with love and happiness.
"I shouldn't feel this way about a non-human, but I can't help it Sky...I want you... I wanna be with you forever" you softly stroke her silky black hair, Sky's eyes begin to swell, as she swallows the lump in her throat before running her fingers through your hair. "That's all I ever wanted to hear" she holds you tight and you feel sleepy, you fall asleep in Sky's arms, tightly keeping you close to her, not through warmth, but through lovers embracing.


The next week is the most euphoric of your life, your days are filled with long walks in the woods with Sky admiring all that nature has to offer, bathing in the river by the cabin when it's warm and use Sky as a walking towel, having Sky cook warm dinners at night sat in front of the fireplace and make love untill you fall asleep in eachother's arms.

 but your time with the wolfess was almost up, your ankel was all better, you sit her down outside on the log where you first met, you tell her you need to go back to your own four walled home, and that your tribe would worry about you, she isn't mad like she was before, just sad, like she hasn't got the emotional strength to stay mad at you. You give her the longest hug of your life and she escorts you back to the entrance point of the forest.

 You take a purposely long walk to your car with looks almost science fiction compared to living out in the woods for so long, you can't say anything to make this any better, you walk in slience along the dirt road, the wind blowing strong, the leaves of the trees swishing and swaying like the forest It self didn't want you to go, you drag your feet squeezing Sky's hand tightly. Suddenly she stops walking.

"Why human! why must you go! Can't you stay here with me!" she spins you around and clenches your shoulders tight.
"I'm sorry Sky, I can't, you know I would if I could, why not just come live with me~!"
Her face saddens, but it could be because your near the exiting point of forest, behind the metal gate is your car, you grab her arm and march to your car.

"Yeah! It will be great! I can feed you!, I'll cook for yo-" suddenly, the thick fur arm you were holding onto just, disappeared like air, your hand grasping at nothing, you turn round, and your heart sinks lower than it could possibly can at what you see.

You see a tear filled Sky, her arm gone, like it was invisible, a blue glow where the edge of her vanished arm begins. It hurts too much to see, you mind can't understand.
"That's why I didn't want you to leave..." the tears start to flow down her cheeks yours.

"This forest is apart of me, as my own fur... we can never depart, I'm so sorry my love" she collapses to the floor distraught, you try to console her by trying to wrap your arm round her broad shoulders.

"Don't be sorry Sky. It's my fault I'm the one leaving....I can't do it, I can't leave you here, what would I do without you" your tears fall onto the weeping Wolfess, you pull her up from the ground to your eye level.
"Sky listen do me; I promise I'm going to come back, I know you had problems with trusting people before, but I need you to believe in me, you can trust me okay...I love you" she wipes her eyes, your words stop her tears, she composes herself.
"Ok...okay, I'll wait, I'll wait for you, till the very last tree in the forest has fallen I will never forget you" you stroke her hair her tail softly swishes on the floor,
"I won't be that long, you dumb wolf" 
With that you give Sky a departing hug, you hug her as hard as you can, you get in your dirt coverd car and pull away, looking back at the waving wolfess through the rear view mirror, her arm returns after walking a few steps back, it's almost enough to bring you to tears again, so you just keep your eyes focused on the road, focused on coming back.

You get back to your quiet apartment, nothing changed finally charging your phone to await for the bereaved messages from friends and family, but through the cracked light from your phone not a single word or message on your screen, and that work you so desperately pined to get back to thought you had left and removed all items form your desk. You'd imagine a few messages, but none. Nobody cared. You didn't think that coming back to Sky would happen so quickly but life it seems has given you the push you wanted. You put your necessary items in your car and went back to the loving arm's of your wolfess.

You park where you last departed, and run, as fast as you could, you were carrying all your most precious items in a big cardboard box, you go past the log where you first talked to Sky thinking nostalgically about it. You reach the clearing you see the cabin in the distance, the inviting warm light through the windows, the smoke coming from the chimney, that cabin felt more like home then your flat ever did.

Your legs where aching but you pressed on you yell out to the wolfess hoping she'd hear you. "SKY-BRIGHT! YOU THERE! I'M BACK" There was no response, you start getting closer, your halfway there but your out of breath, with the last bit of oxygen in your lungs you let out a shout, a shout that seemed to be heard by every bird, every tree and mountain, the whole forest knew of your presence. And finally you see her you see that tall figure fling open the door, her head darting around to see where the noise came from, suddenly she spots you.

She waves frantically at you, and hear a faint voice of your name "Human!" "Your back home!" She starts to sprint like your her prey with little energy you have left you grudgingly walk closer to the cabin until your body can't walk anymore. The wolfess pounces on you, your belongings fly all over as she pins you down licking all over your face, her tail wagging with ecstatic excitement. "Human! Your back! I thought you'd never come! I've missed you so much!" She starts to cry but you quickly get an arm free and wipe it away. "I told you I would, it's okay, don't cry honey~" she grabs you hand and buries her head into it. "Your right, you promised after all" she climbs off you and see's your stuff all over, she offers to carry your things and you, she carries you inside like wedding couple and drops you on the sofa, "welcome home my human" she pecks your cheek as she tends to the stewing pot, "it's good to be home" you whisper under your breath.

A week later, once your things have been moved into the cabin, you spend every penny in your bank account renovating the cabin, you give it a modern look with new furniture, windows and doors, as well as big blanket, but the bed stayed the same. After a long day of sanding and painting and Sky hunting you fall on the bed exhausted, and snuggel up close to Sky drifting off to sleep next to the tired wolfess. "Will you be leaving again human" she cooes under her tired yawn, you stroke the now sleeping wolfess "Don't worry" you softly whisper to Sky "I have everything I want right here".

End