Kreigstein, land of the Dominion of wolves. A surprisingly stable and peaceful country nestled between the mountains. Of course no one dared declare war on the Wolves, their armies were massive and their riches from their countless mercenary guilds was vast. Some said the wolves lacked strategy and subtlety, but they more than made up for it with sheer force, swiftness and numbers.
Various animals made up the merchants guilds and upper classes, but the Nobles were almost exclusively Wolves. Made powerful and strong through breeding between them, they stood tall even above their own soldiers. It was hard to mistake them. Legends even said the ancestry of the Queen and her litter decended from Giant wolven gods of old.
Humans however were exclusively peasants or slaves. Weak, slow and generally considered dull if not stupid by most other animals, humans were seen as labor at best. Only good for menial tasks.
The higher class had hundreds if not thousands of humans at hand. Humans were seen as vermin, breeding quickly and many children in any season with no regards for heat. Rumor had it human women had no heat but almost every animal did so this idea was quickly dismissed. It was instead theorized humans were so weak in constitution that their heats were almost unnoticeable to themselves and simply happened without warning every month.
Humans were in a word, disposable. Seen as less than even furniture. If a human was killed during a job, simply buy two more and get it done.
 The "waste" as it was said, was tossed out with the garbage.

Some wolves preferred dark skinned humans, some preferred lighter skinned humans and arguments were made for both. "Dark skins are hardier, stronger and less likely to break" said some. "Lighter skins are faster, quicker to learn tasks and more suited for precision" said others.
A good household had generally a mix of the two, unless the owner had a preference for some.
This was simply truth.

Duchess Rainer Maria of the northern mountains boasted power and peace. No one dared invade her lands. But as she got older, more men began eyeing the lands her father started and her late husband died to keep from the savage hoardes to the east. The Duchess  had no sons, only a daughter. Young Rainer Alexandra; a powerfully clever girl. Growing quickly and passing her studies easily, eventually outsmarting her various professors in games of wit. Young Alexandra was nearing her first true heat, ready to mate and carry on to protect her lands.
But the Duchess was shrewd, seeing very few young men who could properly lead with Alexandra, that wolf would be worthy to merge their great houses.
Alexandra had no interest in any of the men or boys before her, or her heat. Instead she used the opportunity to coyly spy on anyone and everyone. A warm young female could melt any males heart, especially when being coached by one of the finest spy masters in the land.
But the time would come, as she was reminded by her mother, she would need to choose a true husband. Or her mother would choose for her.

The curtains opened on another day. "Come Lady Alexandra, your mother awaits You in the breakfast hall" female humans scurried about, readying the room and clothes for the day. Lady Alexandra yawned, showing her massive teeth before shielding her eyes from the blinding light while stumbling out of bed. "Can't i just skip breakfast.." she mumbled into her furry arm before stepping into the washroom. A shriek echoed out as the servants washed their lady before quickly redressing her. A surly looking female human smiled up at her "Your mother would be most displeased to hear her daughter suggest missing breakfast together" she reminded. Alexandra nodded and sighed, looking about the room "where's Dalton?" The maid nodded "let me call one in" "NO no, I meant MY Dalton, mine" Alexandra corrected. The maid seemed confused then blushed "oh, forgive me milady, your handservant was called away by your mother." Alexandra's fur bristled "Did she now...very well then...what is your name?" The maid looked confused "Cassandra, milady" the wolfess groaned, rolling her huge golden eyes. "Nevermind"

The Duke, Alexandra's grandfather, had instilled a long tradition. The male human servants would all be called Dalton, the females would be called Cassandra if addressed at all besides "Human." Females wore slim but chaste looking white suits, males wore dark suits and both would wear the symbol of the Duke at all times. Which meant of course, branding it into them once they reached a mature age. The Duchess, Alexandra's mother, added a new rule: all servants would wear their hair in a braid that reached no more than waist length and no less than shoulder length. She liked to grab "unruly" servants and drag them by it in her younger days. Thankfully she hadn't done so in years.
Handservant humans were given a special uniform, to somewhat differentiate them from the others.

Alexandra stormed into the breakfast hall and scowled at her mother while bowing, more on reflex than any real show of respect for her mother. "MOTHER! You sent my Dalton away? To do what?"
The Duchess barely looked up from her tea "Hmm? Oh darling, please sit, we have much to discuss today, much planning." The younger wolf fumed silently, still standing. The Duchess finally looked up "you're that upset? Just get any other one, they're all the same, now sit" she huffed, ears twitching in annoyance. "You spend far too much time on that handservant Dalton of yours, you know when you get a husband you'll have to pick a female, a male tending to you while you're married is unacceptable" the Duchess continued, while her daughter obediently sat growling softly. "You can't do that mother, he's my personal servant, mine! And any husband of mine will simply have to deal with him" she huffed defiantly, turning to her meal as it was placed before her. The Duchess Maria snarled "fool girl, you are not some pup, act like a Rainer! Pouting over some human servant so early in the morning, goodness!" Before returning to her own meal. Alexandra's ears lowered only slightly "yes...mother."