# INSIDE THE SHACK, NORTHERN UKRAINE, +1900 HOURS

You've lit a fire, but the temperature's dropping fast, and Anna is noticeably colder to the touch.

She looks at you, and says "Here, ssssssstep-brother, help me drag the bed into the kitchen. You're going to have to take your sssssshirt and pantssssss off and warm me."

She lies down on the bed, body curled loosely to make an inviting hollow. You pull off your shirt and pants, and clamber in. Anything is worth it to keep her warm, even though the feeling of her scales smooth and dry against your chest is causing embarrassing things to happen in your boxers, not to mention her evolutionarily unnecessary nipples perking up in the cold. At least, you assume it's the cold. You lie there for a few minutes. Anna's body begins to feel warmer against yours. You try to ignore the softness, and the promise of the underlying strength and firmness.

"Isssss there sssssome way to warm you up? Perhapsssss you need ssssssomething a little... tighter."

Her scales coil more firmly around you. You can feel her body undulating against your now rock-hard cock, and you're certain she knows about it. Holy shit! What's more, you can feel a warm wetness pressed against the side of your boxers. With another smooth slide, her tail slides further around you. Her inner warmth is pressed against your shaft, only a layer of fabric separating them.

Her movements have brought her soft breasts and shoulders level with your face, and you're nestled against the nape of her neck. Tenderly, you run your lips along her shoulder, nibbling the softness. She lets out a little hiss above you, and her whole body and tail wriggle, pressing her pussy into you.

"Sssssssyesssss..."

Your right hand comes up to cup a breast, nipple perking into your palm, while your left reaches behind her head. She eagerly bends her neck down, you look upward, and your lips meet. The kiss is hungry, burning with need. Her forked tongue explores your human one, flicking over it with a dexterity you never knew you wanted. You give her nipple an experimental stroke, then a twist, and she presses your mouth closer to hers in response. You twist a little harder.

She breaks off, panting, and asks "Isssss that all you've got?" Then she puts both her hands on the back of your head, and pushes her chest into your face. You bite down on her sensitive nipple, hard enough for her to really feel it but soft enough for it to feel *good*, and then, still biting, pull away a little. She hisses out a moan above you in a sibilant outburst of lust. You keep teasing her nipples, with hand and mouth. Her tail begins twitching erratically back and forth, then the movement spreads to her whole body, which arches and stiffens around yours. Her torso and body shake and her breaths are short and sharp. Is she cumming? You're not sure it matters, because she clearly doesn't intend to stop.

Down below, she's soaking through your boxers. Her hand reaches down, finally, and grabs your length. She tugs frustratedly at your boxers with the other, and rips the button off in her hurry, before she unfolds your whole girth through the fly. The instant she guides your cock to her pussy lips, the tip slips right in, sending shivers through both of you; she wants this so badly that her body is yielding itself to you. 

Worried about going too fast, you slowly ease your way into her tightness. You can feel every nerve firing in sequence as you enter her. Just as slowly you pull back out, inch by inch, and the suction feels incredible. Each steady, sensible, moderate thrust you discover something more about her. As every thrust reaches as far as it can go inside her, you feel her scales push into your skin, as her long serpentine body pushes back against you. Each time, she lets out a little whimpering hiss.

The arching of her back in response to your thrusting hips seems to contain barely restrained force, much more than you're using. You have a sneaking suspicion that she doesn't want steady, or sensible, and she definitely doesn't want moderate.

Anna sobs in frustration, "Got to do it myssssself," and the decision is taken away from you. Scales slide over skin as she pulls you both upright, and in the process your cock is thrust deep inside her without any movement on your part. She's wrapping you so well, and with such cover and control, that she's able to drive your thrusts as well as her own. The tempo quickly mounts as she slams her hungry cunt onto your pulsing erection, taking what you were too scared to give her. Her graceful neck arches down and she bites your shoulder, drawing long, shuddering breaths past your collarbone as she pounds your hips relentlessly. The feeling of her teeth is nothing compared to the sheer ectasy of her body.

"Ssssssssfucking fill me! Fill! ME!" she moans. "Let me feel it inssside, I want to feel you in me, fucking fill my cunt, fill it, pleasssssse please fill it..." She's nearing the crescendoe, the peak of her passion, and so are you. 

Her hand slides down, and she holds your shaft as her body arches so far back you completely leave her, then slams all the way down again. You feel her entire depth in one moment and the sensation sends both of you over the edge. Hot cum floods into her, and her coils tighten around you just as her pussy does, milking every last drop of your seed. Her arms are wrapped around your back, and her screams are muffled by your shoulder. You ride the wave of her orgasm like a surfer, shooting more and more into her, hips momentarily parting then slamming back down as her body momentarily relaxes before convulsing again, thrusting you into her in short sharp jabs. Her shudders continue for nearly two minutes, like little aftertremors, as your twinned orgasms slowly unwind.

She's got a dumb, dopey smile on her face and isn't saying anything, teeth still embedded in your shoulder. You both lie there for a minute, stretched out. Her body is floppy and relaxed, all tension gone from her muscles, and it feels heavy against you. As you pull out, a trail of cum drips from her nether lips down her scales and onto the bed. She finally stops biting you, and with a dreamy smile, leans down to clean you up, tongue flicking along your head. You absently wipe cum from her scales with the bedsheet.

Seeing the growing wet patch under the pair of you, you ease yourself upright with a grown and walk to the cupboard for some fresh linen.

"Hey," she calls out to you, "congratulationsssss on getting your forklift licenssssse." Anna lazily winks at you.

The room is warm. There's a war on outside, but right now, you feel okay.