I no longer make jokes about the occult or the paranormal, and I have my reasons for it, as something happened to me in 1926 that changed my life forever.

It was a cold night in my apartment in the rancid city of New York, and it was the terrible pagan festivity known as Halloween. Were it not for my physical constitution I would probably have attended Robert Howard's party, but alas a fever had stricken me, and so I laid in the musty air of this neighborhood, listening to the radio's tunes and hoping the Spaniards under me wouldn't make such a fuss.

The mind is only a vessel for ideas, for those from the gods may manifest before anyone they have the opportunity to, and being in certain states removed from normal consciousness may open you up to these entities in ways you couldn't either discern or want, such as in dreams, on opium, or as I now were.

Just before midnight was when the fever truly got to me, I was laying on the sofa unable to muster anything other than a necessity for soup, as my terrible mother would have made it.

I turned my legs in the direction of the kitchen and spent a while until I concocted such food that would (As I hoped) bring me to better health.

The lights came off, and obscure visages came upon me, not even the lights outside were able to reach my apartment, and I started to fear the landlord may have a conversation with me before the air of the city started getting even denser around me, dizzying me so much that I had to get ahold of the closest chair.

Just then, a form materialized as if It came from the aether itself. Its impossible form could only be described as that of a blurry, ever turning, ever-churning intestines writhing in an attempt to make sense of itself, with a sickly, rotten color on them. I was fearful of that being, thinking my time was near completion now that my stories were somewhat popular, my wife had left me and I had moved far from my ancestors.

I felt as if that mass of entrails suddenly was aware I was looking at it, and it suddenly took on a clearer form, with the entrails seeming to fuse into each other and becoming biped, almost anthropomorphic. ears grew from its head, and feminine curves took over the body, but the figure didn't grow in size, only ending as big as my collarbone, rather disappointingly for an eldritch creation. The creature formed a feline-like face, and it seemed to frown when I thought of her height.

"Hey, I sensed that, that was mean" Uttered the strange being in a feminine voice. 
My head was emptied of all sense, How could this even exist? A being that could only belong in my stories, a bipedal cat with a gaze as deep as space and a non-euclidian pattern of fur around its neck. What is this thing, with a face that reminds me so much of my dear nigger-man?

"I'm an archetype camouflaged as your anima, dummy, look how fucking fat my tits are oooh." said in such a vulgar tone this being while shaking her strangely human breasts covered by black fur "You probably don't get these concepts right now, but anyways I had to embody something comprehensible to come here. big fan of your work by the way."

This was certainly comprehensible to my eyes, but not to my brain, a creature that could read my thoughts and that tried to make sexual advances seconds after meeting me. I was staring wide-eyed at the apparition, that now was coming towards me.

Now inches away, It passed to the left of me to take my chicken soup as hers, before announcing "uwu master made me chicken soup don't mind if I do." This repulsed me in unimaginable ways.

"Well, off to the couch. Come on Howard, someone's got to feed you the chicken soup, you'll probably spill it over yourself in that state" 

"What do you want of me?" I asked the thing.

"Hey stop calling me thing, I'm technically your female aspect. Also, I'm here because I wanted to pay you a visit plus It's Halloween plus you're on a fever so you'll probably think this was all a dream next morning." It marched onwards to the chair near my sofa and put the bowl on the table in front of it.
I had no chance of not abiding by this woman's commands, maybe it was caused by a primal libido reflex, or maybe I just wanted to lay down. In the end, I laid on the sofa, and that seemed to muster a smile on her.

"Yeah that's it, good job philly." she said, plunging a spoon I didn't know where she got it from into my soup and waiting for my mouth to open.

I followed her charade, and so I spent that night, and the next ones, with her.

You may wonder why I'm revealing this at this moment, but it is because she had become part of my dreams ever since, I haven't even gotten night tremors since she fed me soup that night, and the desire to let this knowledge out has become apparent, I can't bear being the only one that knows beings like this exist, can visit you, and only leave on the daytime. Take care.

THE END
