tags: Short, Comfy, Gator, Cuddling, femdom elements, warmth stealing :^)

A harsh white light woke John from his sleep, the synthetic glare snaking through the gap of his bedding cocoon. He tried to reach out and turn it off, only for the massive weight atop his back to stirr.

“Mmhhhf...geht mhy phone babe?” John yawned, his words muffled by the half-tonne alligator sprawled over him.

Jenny grumbled unintelligibly, the subtle growl to her voice echoing within the entrapped man’s ears. The massive woman reached blindly for the phone, pushing John’s head down into the pillow as she fumbled drowsily. After a moment the white vanished, leaving the two of them snuggled up tight within the blacked out room.

Having dealt with the phone Jenny shifted to a more comfortable position, settling back down above her amour. John sighed in relief as the pressure on his back abated, the alligator carefully spreading her weight across the creaking mattress instead of solely on him.

“Got it…” she whispered, rumbling tenderly. Her voice was low and husky, but to John it nonetheless held a feminine charm. The sweet nothings she'd murmur in his ears sent electric thrills down his spine, the sweetness of her words mixed with a smokey edge in a way that left him melting.

“Love you.”

“Love you too, monkey~” she crooned, the bed rocking gently as she happily wiggled her muscular tail.

John grunted as two, strong, scaled arms slipped beneath his chest and squeezed him into the wall of the alligator’s abs. Jenny purred softly in a way John often likened to a ‘happy diesel engine’. She held him possessively, nuzzling against him.

He didn’t want to even think about what time it was. The affectionate alligator had no doubt made sure John slept in this weekend...like every other weekend since they'd moved in together. Instead he reached up to pet her neck, his fingertips gliding over the smooth leather of her snout. Jenny replied in kind by shimmying up along his back, smothering her lover between the valley of her breasts.

She slept naked, enjoying as much contact between her and John as possible. The man wasn’t one to sleep nude, but as her shapely body did its best to cover his, he had to admit it had its perks.

John angled his head to the side, preferring to have his face muffled by her bosom than his pillow. “How much longer do you wanna sleep, hun?”

Jenny rested her jaw atop his head, something she liked to do when mulling over a decision, “Hmm...five more minutes?”

“Y’said that an hour ago…” he mumbled, feigning annoyance. The soreness of his muscles aside, the man found it adorable how much she enjoyed snuggling with him. And he could hardly complain, the intimacy was nice….the endearing amazonian really knew how to make him feel wanted.

The gator laughed, the sound reverberating in his chest, “It’s not my fault you’re so cute...and warm…”

“Jen…”

“It’s winter! I get cold!” she pleaded, pulling more of the man into her hold, rubbing her trunk-like thighs against his.

“I could turn on the heater…?” John offered.

“Please?”

He sighed, a soft smile on his lips, “Fine...but only because I like you.”

She squeezed him again and gave his neck a playful lick with her broad tongue—the closest she could get to kissing him. “Thank you, monkey~”

“Mmhmm,” John chuckled, patting her bicep. Winter had only started, the temperature outside still relatively comfortable for him. He didn’t want to imagine what she had planned for when the snow started to fall. How long would their ‘special cuddle time’ last?

A few more minutes in the morning during the first week of Fall had turned to a full hour by November. He pictured the two of them cuddled nice and snug, bundled beneath a pile of blankets; cradled in her arms like a heated teddy bear; the sound of her content hissing in his ear.

On second thought, it didn’t sound bad at all.