Agent Anon arrives back at his motel wondering about the message left for him sitting by his bedside table when suddenly the phone rings, Anon's eyes widen with anticipation, he slowly picks up the phone to hear...David. Anon was a little disappointed but needs somebody to talk to anyway.


"Hello buddy!" David screams down the phone.
"Oh, hi David" Anon breaks into a smile thinking how long it feels since Anon spoke to David.
"A little birdie told me-and by birdie I mean the saying not an actual bird, that You had a little bump on the ol' noggin".

"Yeah I did, I'm fine now though David" anon rubbing his head where he got smacked remembering vividly.
"Good to hear, old friend!, So; what's the scoop" anon can hear David lighting up a cigarette down the phone ready for his tale in redwood pines.

"Well, we got a suspect, witnesses say it's him, two other suspects remain unknown but I know who one of them is".
"Ya do! We'll go arrest 'em!" David yells enthusiastically taking a puff from his cigarette.
"Well...I don't think they're our guy, but... I don't think there innocent either." Anon sighs and rubs his hand through his hair slouching in the chair.

"Trust you instinct Anon, I know you'll do the right thing".
"That's the thing though" anon disheartened replied.
"I feel my judgment is clouded...that I won't do the right thing...or can't".
The sound of David's leather chair squeaking through the phone as he sits formally realising that this isn't just catch up talk.
"What you trying to say Anon". David's happy tone gone from his voice replaced with a serious one.
"I think...I think I'm having feelings for a suspect David".
"'Ya love her" David quickly replies.
"W-what no!, I don't even know her! But...I want to... I'm meeting her tonight in fact." anon taking a breath of relief getting it off his chest. Anon can hear David put his lighter and drink on table. 


"Anon; through all our years you've never compromised your integrity and I know you'll do the right thing even if dealing with matters of the heart, you're a great agent Anon, now you're going to nail that sob and get back here asap I miss ya buddy".

David's heart felt speech reassures anon and smiles to himself.
"Will do David, I'll see you soon, take care David". Anon hangs up the phone and pours himself a drink waiting for without a doubt Ellie to come through the door.


Suddenly Anon can hear the sound of an engine drawing nearer and nearer until coming to a complete stop outside his door, then suddenly, a fast knock landed on his door.
"Come in!" Anon putting his hand on his gun holster ready for anything.
Ellie walks inside, her eyes darting round the room making sure nobody else was there.
"Sorry for being so cryptic I just needed to make sure only you would that it was me." Ellie plops her helmet by the door and is standing awkwardly and self conscious by the door.
"It's fine Ellie, did you wanna drink?" Anon points to the mini fridge near the tv.
"N-no I'm fine, I don't drink that much anymore". She sheepishly replied.
"Oh,Okay, that's cool... you wanna take a seat". Anon nods his head to the direction of the bed.


"I'm fine" Ellie's head facing down as she answers Anon, the room filling with an awkward vibe with only the squeaks of Ellie's leather clothes making noise in the room.
"Okay, so what do you want Ellie" anon puts his drink on his bedside table and awaits Ellie's answer
"..." Ellie is slient fidgeting with her bike keys anon's patience is at its limits he thought this would be the breakthrough the case needed with his frustration with the case and having a drink, anon mood starts to get cranky
"What! What is it! You just gunna stand there all night huh?,"
Ellie is taken back by anon going from awkward to slightly on edge she can only stand there while anon goes on a frustrated rant jumping from his chair and pacing round the room
"I mean seriously, what are you doing here huh? Did you do it! Did you kill Annie is that it!, I just can't tell with you anymore! Is that why you're acting the way you are!"
Ellie on the verge of tears breathing heavily as to not burst into tears.

"Like what! What is it! Why didn't you confess!, Why didn't you come to the station! Why didn't you call the police why won't you talk to me! do you know how much it hurts me to suspect you!."


Ellie's fearness of anon turns into anger as she snarls her teeth and her tail raises up behind her clenching her paws and glaring at anon with dilated eyes.

"Come on!, Why! Why! Why won't you talk to me, you helped me by the roadside and we talked, I thought you opened up to me, I thought you could be a friend, and I wanted to be your friend, and maybe more I just can't stop thinking about you, you have this mysterious aura around you you don't stay and talk you always run away? It makes my head spin with questions So why don't you-".
"CAUSE IM SCARED OK!"

Ellie cuts of anon, fury in her voice teeth gritted too angry to notice anon was actually blurting out how he feels some affection towards Ellie. Anon stops walking round the room frozen in position.
"Do you know what's it like to lose your best friend! DO YOU! To wake up the next morning and finding out the best friend you ever had for 19 years was MURDERED!?! And nobody cares but YOU!?".


Anon sighs, his body feeling heavy, looking at the floor knowing he can't answer her.

"Everybody shunning me, for being friend's with a human, nowhere to go, just riding, and riding, trying to escape the pain; I wanted someone to talk too, somebody who'd know what it was like to be the odd one out, somebody to tell me everything is going to be ok and hold me and.... l mean, Do you know how scared I was when I saw you unconscious by the roadside! I thought you had died! I wanted to stay with you and hold you close but I was afraid to, it killed me inside, I just kept thinking to myself... another Human dead because of me..."
Ellie voice starting to crack, tears welling up in her eyes.
Anon massaging his eyelids wanting to escape this situation and his guilt for shouting at her anon carefully and softly chooses his words.


"Ellie... Annie dying was not you fault... I know about the night at the cabin"
Ellie eyes widen in shock struggling to get the words out.
"H-h-how do you know abo-".

"We have a suspect in custody; guy named Dectur but we don't know the whole story can you tell me what happened" anon walks over to the bed and sits on the edge and Calls Ellie over by gesturing his hand next to him she slowly comes over and sits next to anon, the closest they've been to eachother before.

>"Take you time Ellie, it's okay I just wanna know what happened"
Ellie nods and looks down remembering what happened that night
>"It was me...and Annie...we were at the cabin bar...she said we're waiting for some friends of her's but, she didn't know anybody else around here but me;So these two guys join us one was this lanky slimey rat and the other...An owl"
>"An owl?" Anon puzzled asked
"Yeah, he had white long hair, all jean style clothing and his eyes..."
Ellie's face washed over in horror
>"Yellow almost demon like, we left the bar, Annie said she knew of this show home that would be empty... she wanted to do coke; when we got thier we sat down on sofa Annie was... snorting it up her nose"
Ellie's eyes start to water up again
>"And-and then the owl's friend he-he" Ellie barely speaking too much in trance thinking about that night anon turning his body to face Ellie
>"H-e pinned me down and he n' he-"
Ellie finally bursts into tears burying her head into anon's chest wrapping her arms around anon tightly as it we for dear life screaming into his chest muffled voice
"HE TRIED TO HAVE HIS WAY WITH ME!!" Ellie now uncontrollably weeping into anons chest, Anon running his fingers through the back of her hair trying to calm her down and gently Whispers to Ellie.

"Shhhh, it's ok, it's ok now, I won't let anything happen to you Ellie, no more being alone or scared anymore I'm going to be by your side I'm not going to let you go riding away this time, I'm going to protect you...GOD!, you don't deserve this! Ellie; you're so sweet and kind, I don't want anything to happen to you, I couldn't live with my self if something bad happened to you...I love you".


Ellie looks up to anon from his chest only now realising what he said not sure how Ellie would react. But the feeling is mutual between them.
 Ellie sits up an inch away from anon's face, Ellie slowly leans in and kisses anon on the lips anon closes his eyes and reciprocates holding the back of Ellie's hair there kiss gets more and more intense thier tongue's darting around in each others mouths they both collapse on the bed, anon takes of his tie and jacket and Ellie unzips her leather jacket to bare her fluffy fur tuffed breasts and slips off her shoes and wrapping her tail round anon's leg, anon turns Ellie onto her back on the bed his erection almost bursting from his tight suit trousers, he unleashes his member rubbing his tip on Ellie's soft shiny leather pants, anon drags them off and throws them on the floor he get's on top of Ellie getting into missionary position.


"You sure about this, we don't have to do this if you don't want to ~" anon asks Ellie panting with anticipation.
"Please~ I'm sure Anon," she grins and puts her Arms above her head holding the headboard
He slips he member into Ellie, Ellie let's out silent moans. Anon picks up the pace rocking his hips and thrusting deep, her head rolls back from the sensation.
Anon is almost ready to climax, Ellie wraps her arms around anon's neck, her tail almost squeezing anon's leg off. She looks him directly in his eyes.

"It's ok, I'm ready Anon, I wanna us to be closer...to be something more~".
Anon and Ellie climax, they hug closer before Anon rolls off to his side of the bed.
"I love you Ellie~" Anon out of breath replies, Ellie puts her paw on anon's cheek.
"I love you too anon~" she rubs her nose on anons nose. They get under the sheets exhausted and fall asleep snuggling each other.

The morning arrives but Ellie is nowhere to be seen, anon franticly looks around the room untill he sees a note on the desk next to his bed. "last night was amazing anon, you really made me feel like my old self again, I Went back to my own bed. Parents would have killed me, see you tomorrow Xxx Ellie" anon smiles as he reads and gets into the shower ready to go to the sheriff station to tell Joe about the case.