*Human meets the less savage*
(Vikings fighting anthros, comfy, violence etc.)

-----

The air was almost still when they came.
The smell of smoke and blood.
So it usually was after they emerged.
Our land, it had been at war after a couple of years ago an unknown nation landed on the shores of the Four Mountains. They lacked the fur or claws but their great shining weapons, their weapons which would cut with the silver moonlight through almost anything. They were large in size, intimidating and very strong.
Ancestors, if you hear us, please save us.
Save us from the Moonlit warriors.


You are Sigfar.
The Moonlit, as the natives called "your people" after the first contact, had found you as a kid from a village they had pillaged on the coast before embarking on their voyage beyond the seas. Now you had spent several years on the unknown land your captors had taken you in. You learned their ways, you pillaged and ravaged new lands with them and you gained name but this new continent you discovered with your former captors, it was different.
The lush forests and almost unspoiled wilderness greeted you as a new world ready to be claimed. Soon you witnessed farms and fishing hamlets rising everywhere, the world that didn't have anyone to exploit it yet, soon had its first nation to plant its mark upon it. The lakes were many and loaded with riches. The woods were endless, the animals in the forests within were healthy and strong, the rocks held so many riches and the whole coast in general was made to be found by someone who would see its gargantuan potential.
Only after a couple of years you would realize it had already been taken.
And your people would not like someone to share their riches.
As a blacksmith you had forged weapons but even someone like you would have to prove themselves. So you had embarged on a raid to a village populated by people you had heard called by the name "beast people".
The name never really occurred to you as so precise. Everyone just called the natives beasts and you never really knew why.
You had your battle paint and trusty axe with you. Most men had their muscular and painted chests bare and so did you. You defied death and dangers and would confront it without fear. Valhöll was the reward for such bravery.
As you carefully approached the camp, you noticed it was awfully silent. Surely you weren't discovered yet by your targets. Even though you had heard several rumors about the beast people's hearing and ability to smell. Surely it was just a rumor but you'd never know. Who truly knew what horrors was hidden in the depths of that place?
>"I'll take the point", said Dregur. He wasn't as sizable or strong as you but he made it up in speed and agility. In combat he had always been admirable and never backing down an inch.
>"Why are they even called by such a name?"
>"Oh, yeah. You haven't seen em yet", Dregur muffled a laugh. He flashed his filed teeth for a moment and vanished in the flora and undergrowth.
You grunted and cheched the carefully tempered axe's edge. You had so far sent many men in Valhöll but this time you felt it would be different.
>"Odin, what do you have stored in for me?" you whisper. You had made your axe by yourself and there were many who wanted you to make a weapon for them. You were among the few blacksmiths in the new continent and your life was valued.
The horn was blown and so you rushed through the bushes, ploughing your way to the clearing. You jumped through the air and landed on a wilted grass where sand and stones had made their way to the surface. You heard your brothers bellowing and rushing to the pillage.
Then it occurred to you why they were called beasts.
They were wearing fur but it was not all from the hunted game. They had a fur on their own, not only that but you saw triangular ears being folded back and strangely they had muzzles too.
Your eyes met another. Sky blue eyes stared back at you in fear and surprize. It... she took a step back, clearly being unsure of what she was seeing but she didn't like it a bit. Soon it was all chaos. Tents were burning, men were lying on the ground wounded and several beasts were running towards the woods. The sky eyed wolfess was gone in an instant from your field of vision due you crossed weapons with a sizable werewolf. It was carrying a short, chipped sword which apparently was once a two-hander. You both growled and spat foamy saliva from your mouths while engaging in the raging madness. You wrestled with the beast, took blows and received blows, you tasted the blood in your mouth and felt your teeth getting loose. Your ribs were receiving slight fractures and your weapons struck sparks as they screeched agains one another. You breathed heavily and spat blood on the ground. The beast seemed tired and exhausted as well. Only he seemed about to give up. The bestial and savage mug was now more humane, almost like he was tired of being angry.
This was only a fleeting notion for he soon snarled again and produced an animal-like face. He charged in the last desperate attack and you were ready. He made one mistake which you exploited on, revealing his unprotected chest. The axe crushed through his chest and you twisted it up and down before you ripped it out from his guts. The beast folded and held the enormous cavity in its chest that was spewing blood.
>"You fought well", you mouthed and raised your red, dripping axe for the last merciful blow.
>"May you rejoice in the halls of Valhöll, black one", you pray and prepare to end his pain.
Soon you hear someone screaming from the forest direction and smaller beast runs at you. No... it ran for the fallen warrior. It had creamy and brownish fur. The feminine body was decorated with seashell- and bone necklaces and pendants. She was pretty but her muzzle was dripping with tears. In hopeless terror she caressed the dead warrior and tried to mend his wounds all in vain. She was fruitlessly trying to revive the male wolf, trying to cover the massive wound and engaged in similar pointless actions. Her fur is soaked in blood and red mud.
You can only watch appalled as you witness this "beast" mourning for her mate, sibling or a parent. She can only cry from the bottom of her lungs and caress the black furred beast.
>"Odin, give me strenght", you mouth and sigh. She gives you a spiteful and venomous stare. Through her tears she sees you, the savage, the murderer. She unsheathed a large knife from the waist of her loved one and gets up. Clearly she would give anything for a chance to bury the blade into your face.
You raise your greataxe in front of you but see no reason to really prepare for her attack.
>"Don't. I don't want to hurt you, little one. Put it down. Let's not take this any further", you plea even while you're pretty sure she has no idea what you're saying.
Through the clenched teeth she mouths one last sentence you have no idea about, then she closes her eyes and points the knife towards herself.
"No!"
She sinks the blade into her chest and manages to pull it out and stab herself several times before you rush to her. She lies on your arms bleeding and shaking, strangely accepting the support from you. She had the chance to use the knife on you but she didnt do it. Guess she realized it wouldn't change anything. She lies still after panting and shaking in pain. Watching it was pure torment. Now she was staring at the grey sky. Her eyes were lifeless and so was everything else about her.
>"Sigfar?" Dregur shouts and rushes to you.
You can't really say anything. You just lay carefully the beast woman next to her mate.
>"You offed the black beast? I can't believe I missed that!" Dregur cheers.
>"It gutted like ten of ours last week in one single combat."
>"Shut it!" you hiss and Dregur falls silent, finally realizing the whole picture.
You stand up and see the village is pretty much done for. Dead humans and beasts alike scattered everywhere. Some were already skinning the fur off of the dead ones. Some were rifling through the loot but none of it really pleased anyone and so most of it was just scattered around.
>"You're wounded", Dregur noted.
>"It's nothing", you lie and ignore the pain pulsing throughout your body.
You see others surrounding someone. Several men were laughing and jesting on someones behalf. You make your way to them, despite Dregur's warnings. You didn't listen nor you did care.
You see a glimpse of this unfortunate one and your heart bursts in flames as you see others bouncing her around. You ram your way in the middle, break a few noses and push others back like a pissed gorilla.
>"Sigfar, what in the hell's name is wrong with you?"
>"Leave her alone!" you shout.
>"Her? You calling it a her?" others laugh.
>"You planning on fucking it or what?"
Everyone laughs.
>"The fur must feel amazing against the bare skin. Let me have some too!"
The laughter is digging into your nerves. The heat of the battle had not surpassed from your system and you thirst for more violence.
>"Take a good look at his wounds, idiots!" Dregur steppes in. He had always been opportunists and cunning at that. He makes everyone silent with his attitude. He knew you couldn't control yourself for long.
>"There you will find the black beast", Dregur points in the direction of your kill.
>"Yes, THE Black One. Sigfar here killed it alone. If he can finish that thing off, go on ahead and make some more fun of him. This day has been awfully boring so please, amuze me."
Everyone it staring in the direction of the slain beast. No one pays any attention on the Sky Eyes.
>"My ass! I wanna see it", someone scoffs and several men make their way to the kill. You only needed to give everyone a venomous look and everyone avoided your stare with a sense of submission. You extend your hand at the the blue eyed wolfess and help the reluctant wolfess up. You try to smile but she has no intentions to smile at you. She was afraid and you really couldn't blame her.
>"Odin be praised!" can be heard from the scene of your combat.
>"It is the black 'un!"
>"The very same cunt it is!"
Dregur gives a quick look at your wolfess you had just claimed. She had deerskin pants and vest. Her bosom was very human like and in general, she was pretty human shaped. Only her legs were digitigraded like they were with wolves of dogs. Her fur was greyish and very smooth. She was fearfully glancing at you both but made no threatening gestures. You both were bigger than her, even with her legs she could not reach to your eye level.
>"No need to fear me", you try to console her.
>"I won't let them hurt you."
>"What are you going to do with her?" Dregur asks.
You really had no idea. It finally dawned to you. She was yours now and clearly you couldn't just let her go either.
>"Not that you asked or anything, but you're not taking it to my house."

Chapter 1.
-Mental combat.

The village was called Blue Landing. That is where the norsemen first landed. You still remember that day. It was mainly a harbor at the crystal blue waters and the wooden mooring ran above the said waters. Sky Eyes as you had named your new servant was stunned. The wooden cabins, halls and docks were completely new to her. She was feeling and petting the decorated and carved wood like making sure she was not hallucinating. The longships with the dragon head decorations made her eyes widen into a dinnerplates. The other villagers stared at her with suspicion. They were looking at her like some misshapen or an abomination. She was unarmed but no one still trusted her not to become violent.
Your workshop was at the edge of the mooring. The scenery was perfect and you had always enjoyed working at the forge while the mountains and sky blue waters greeted you every morning.
>"This is my workshop. It also serves as my home", you explain and she still is seeing everything around her like it was a product of magic.
You step in and soon you hear little feet thumping as a little girl runs to you across the floor.
>"Daddy!" she screams and you lift her up.
>"Freydin, how have you been?"
>"I missed you so much, I was worried", she sobs.
>"I'm fine you little devil. I'd like to introduce you to someone."
Freydin gasps as her eyes meet the wolfess. She is immediatelly trying to hide behind you.
>"What is it?"
>"I call her Sky Eyes for now. Her eyes are like the water outside", you explain. The wolfess looks at you surprized but also with warmth. Maybe she didn't expect a brute like yourself to have such a soft spot within.
>"Is it going to eat me?" Freydin asks meekly.
>"No one is going to eat anyone, silly. She will be staying with us for now.
>"But why?"
>"I just... can you help me with something?"
>"Your wounds?"
>"Yeah. Help daddy out a little. You wish to fix me up?"
>"I want to fix you up. I want to cure you. I want to cure mother as well."
The awkward silence surrounds you both. Sky is still watching the interior and measuring all the details while you sit down and Freydin is preparing all the needed herbs and bandages. She was only ten but still very cabable of doing things on her own. Sky walks to her and you glance at her ready to intervene. Your people had just massacred her village and it would be stupid to assume she had no ill thoughts about it, even thoughts or retaliation. Instead Freydin stared at her firmly as Sky lowers herself on her knee and smiles at your daughter on her eye level. She actually smiled with her muzzle. Then she gets up and you see her mixing ointments and guiding your daughter during the process. You know damn well poisoning the ointment would be no feat and you would have no idea if she was going to assasinate you with such measures. Making your daughter to work as an instrument of your demise would be a perfect punishment.
You had no poisonous herbs in your home, the habit kind of had stuck when Freydin was born. Same with weapons, which were always out of her reach. Sky didn't have any pockets or other places to stash such ingredients either.
>"You know healing?" Freydin asks but Sky can only reply with a smile. She didn't understand what Freydin was talking about.
It takes a short while she's ready and both of the girls walk to you. Sky lowers the bandages and ointments next to you and Freydin is paying close attention to her doings.
>"How did you got this bad?" Freydin asks.
>"I'd rather not to talk about it."
>"Why?"
>"I killed her people today", you admit. She was still too young to understand but she knew what you did during the raids. It was confusing for you both, surely for Sky as well for treating the wounds of her enemy.
>"She doesn't understand us but she has every reason to hate me."
Freydin switches her look between you and Sky, who is treating your beaten body like she had always done it.
>"She is better than me. She is as good as mother", Freydin admits.

After a while Sky was finished patching you up. You had also washed the warpaints from your face revealing a warscarred and bruised mug. You drew the bed covers on Freydin and kissed her forehead as a goodnight. Sky was watching as you tended to your daughter. She held her fist against her chest and clenched her teeth. You got up and your eyes met Sky experiencing very strong emotions. You didn't exactly know what was going on in her head but surely those were trying times for her.
>"I feel like I owe you an apology", you admit and Sky got tense.
>"This is our way of life. Pillaging and raiding... we've always done so. You don't have to like me and sure as hell I wouldn't if I were in your shoes", you explain and notice she has no shoes. Her big paws were totally bare and you can recall this being the custom with every beast man and a woman you've met so far.
>"I'm off to bed as well due I need to work tomorrow. You may stay however you feel comfortable but I strongly advice not to run away. The hounds would track you down and I may not be able to stop them."
Sky looks at you with a firm stare.
>"You'll find blankets and mattress upstairs. I'll look forward seeing you in the morning."
After that you make your way to your bedroom and with audible curses you place your battered body on the bed.
You had a dream of a moonskinned beast and a frail maiden.

The morning was pleasant, casting off the aches and burning sensations. It was pain but in a weird way it had always made you feel good. The others called it the battle pain, which many would find rewarding. You didn't know what was the allure with it but you knew it would make your upcoming day challenging. You give a quick look to Freydin who is still asleep. You can't see your new servant however and for a moment you're afraid she might have run off afterall.
>"Dammit", you whisper and check the upstairs. The blankets were almost untouched. You gave her a chance anyway. It was up to her now. If she could stay away from the hunters and outrun the dogs, then she had a chance on her own. Too bad though, Freydin seemed to like her.
You open the door and make way to your forge that was next to your house. You smell the mountain air and greet the magnifficent scenery with your smile. You stretch a little and wipe your drowsy face. Then you notice Sky was sitting on a mooring pole, lost in her thoughts. She barely paid any notice to you.
>"You surprized me. You didn't run away."
No answer. You raise a brow and let her be. You start the forge and give it a few good blows. You would have your orders waiting and no orders to sell meant no money. You didn't pillage much yesterday so you would have to work for the day you skipped. Being a blacksmith was cumbersome work but highly valued at that.
>"Where would I go?"
It takes a few moments when you realize it was her who was actually speaking. Your heart sank.
>"You speak the tongue of the northmen?" you ask almost furiously. She is still unmoved by your threatening gestures and tone.
>"All this time? You knew every word I said?" you growl and take a few quick steps towards her.
>"I just spoke in your tongue, didn't I?" she replies with a frown. She sounded like a female would. You didn't really expect her to speak to begin with. There she still was; talking in your native language.
>"How?"
>"What do you mean how?"
>"We've been in this land for less than five years. I didn't even know why your people are called beasts and I don't think none of us even know a single word spoken by your people."
>"Do you know now?"
>"Do I know what?"
>"Why we are called beasts?"
You grunt and go to the forge uninclined to answer. You still had not forgotten those two from yesterday and didn't really care how Sky was able to speak. Maybe it was some magic or... it seemed too unlikely to occur. Of all the beast people she knew the language of the northmen? The one that who's life you saved and brought home. Odin surely had his fingers tangled in all of that.
>"You said you've been in this land for less than five years, right?" she keeps pushing the topic.
>"So what?" you scoff as you check the embers. It was close to the right temperature.
>"In such time you've already driven us from our homes, slaughtered hunreds and ravaged this land beyond recognition", she hisses with venom.
>"I didn't leave you at the mercy of my clansmen!"
She falls silent and gets up from the pole. You don't know why but she seemed shameful.
>"I forgot to express my gratitude for that. Thank you", she whispers squeezing her paws/hands in front of her.
>"No need to thank me", you scoff and stick a piece of metal in the radiating coals. You give it a few good blows by pulling the bellows and soon Sky is at awe as you begin your work. You hammer the piece of metal blow after blow and she cannot avert her blue eyes.
>"Is that how you make the moonweapons? For the Moonlit people?" she begins to importune.
>"What are you talking about?"
>"You paint yourselves to hide the touch of the moon, right?"
You stare at her like your brain had just fallen out of your left ear.
>"We paint oursevels to be intimidating and decorate ourselves for battle", you explain and return to your work. You keep hammering till she decided to speak again.
>"We were told you were burned by the moon beams. That's why you dont have fur and are pale as the moon. Hence we call you Moonlit."
>"That is obviously bullshit. I like the Moonlit however. It's a nice touch. Better than beast people at least."
She turns her back at you and stares into the water.
>"What's your name?" you ask. She is startled by your sudden intrusion.
>"My name?"
>"Your real name. I think Sky sounds a little silly if you already have your birthname."
>"I like that name. But my real name is Levona."
>"I like Levona more", you admit and hammer the steel.

Levona and Freydin were inside when the sun showed the time for a little break. Your body was stained black by the dust and clinker from the hammering. Sure northmen were tidy and bathed often but with such walk of life it was almost pointless. You would sweat like a pig all the time. As you gaze upon the mountains which gradled the fjord, you notice the sun blesses you with a momentary rest. Freydin no doubt had already cooked some stew, since she loved cooking and helping her daddy out in general.
>"Hey! I see you're still on your feet", Dregur greets you.
>"Why wouldn't I?" you laugh.
Dregur flashes his filed teeth and spits into the water over the mooring.
>"I was little worried. You know, your new pet and a little girl under the same roof. Perfect opportunity to retaliate", he explains but clearly trusts that you had kept that possibility in mind.
>"I don't think she is like that."
>"Still going with the 'she'? Fine, your booty, your rules", he shrugs.
>"Since you're here you must know that I'm off to a supper."
Dregur raises his left arm and shows you what he was carrying: freshly gutted salmon.
>"You didn't think I would just show up and eat for free, did you?"
>"What? That offends me so much!"
You both laugh and make your way inside. Your eyes catch the girls standing next to a stove where Freydin is engaged in an conversation with Levona. She is slicing some fish and vegetables and slowly adding them in the kettle.
>"Where did you learn to use the knife so well?" Freydin asks fascinated and without the fear she had yesterday towards this strange animal woman. The said furry woman was gentle and open towards your girl. Almost like a mother...
>"My parents taught me long ago. Our tools were made of stone but these shining blades make everything so easy", Levona explains with warmth and open heart.
>"My daddy makes them outside! He is so skillfull", Freydin praises.
>"Surely he would make you one, just ask him", she cheers.
>"You're sweet but I think it will take some more time till he trust me with a weapon."
>"It can talk", Dregur states with wonder.
>"Daddy! Levona can talk!" Freydin shouts out the obvious.
>"I know, my little one. You're done with the cooking?"
>"I'll take care of the table. Dregur will stay for dinner as well?"
>"Of course I'm staying. Why would I skip the chance to enjoy the best meal in town", Dregur laughs and Freydin is overjoyed. She soon goes to retrieve the dining plates and mugs.
>"You have a lovely daughter", Levona compliments. You think you can see pain in those beautiful eyes of hers.
>"When did it learn to speak?" Dregur asks appalled. Most likely due the revelation she could communicate in the first place.
Levona wipes her paws/hands with a cloth and turns to you.
>"When your people first came, some of them began a trade instead of raiding our lands. I learned the language from merchants, despite being difficult to muster, it was imperative to undestand your ways.
>"The reconnaissance party", Dregur whispers.
>"They shored couple of years before we came along. They were northmen too, why would they start a trade instead?"
>"I'm not going to speak of this topic in my masters house. Especially not around Freydin", she says gently but you can sense the tension about her.
The table is soon ready and you all sit down. Levona brings the kettle and Freydin demands her to sit next to her. You can see how attached Freydin is to her already.
>"I don't know what your father has to say about it", Levona starts but you cut it short and say it's fine. Naturally Dregur is confused but remains silent.
You break bread and extend it over the table to Levona.
>"It's made of grain?"
You nod.
>"I'm sorry but that is unfitting food for me. As much as I appreciate the gesture."
Freydin saves her the trouble and takes the bread.
>"Unfitting how?" Dregur scoffs.
>"My stomach can't handle it. I tried it after the initial encounter with your people and my clan almost took it as an attempt to poison us. It passed but my people remained very careful."
Dregur lifts his brow at her confused.
The rest of the dinner goes in the terms of silence but Freyding simply cannot stop telling and explaining the meaning of every tableware, spice and herb. Levona listens to her almost as she was genuinely interested and it makes the both of you men shake your heads in disbelief. You wipe your mouth and compliment the food.
>"Levona spiced the broth", Freydin corrects with a smile.
>"You did both good job then", you say with a smile and return back to work. As you exit you get a glimbse of confused Dregur who just realized he had just gulped down an entire meal made by a beast woman. You can't but smirk.

The forge had almost gone out meanwhile you were away but it wasn't a big deal; reigniting it was no feat, especially not for a blacksmith. When you finally return to work you hear Dregur saying goodbye to Freydin. You pay him no mind and the anvil is the only thing that currently gets your attention.
>"Freydin clearly likes your new pet."
You barely make a gesture as you measure the hot piece of steel.
>"You didn't have a second thoughts about this, Sigfar?"
>"What do you mean?"
>"Grief", he mouths this one single word but you can see that he does it carefully, like bringing it out of necessity.
>"It does terrible things for the mind. Just don't let it get into your head", he finishes and departs towards the center of the village with your eyes firmly fixated on his back. You fuel your work with rage.
You had enough of beating the anvil and take a look at the scenery. You take a mouthful of mead and let the sweet, yet burning sensation paint your throat. The buzz of alcohol soothes your tensed mind and body. With the slight buzz even the scenery looks better, even if you thought the fjord never could be more beautiful. The mountainous woods gradling the crystalline blue and clear water right at your doorstep always had given you a glimpse of something divine. You see some small fish swimming near the mooring poles and hear the forge humming behind your back. It all was still incomplete. It had been incomplete for a long time and and you can't but sink into a deep daydreaming.
----
After your home village was raided by the northmen, they picked all the cabable looking, would be men from the children they had hoarded from the arms of their parents. You often heard them speaking of a new land which was ripe for picking and exploited. Endless woods filled with animals to hunt, lakes and shores bursting with fish and clean water. Mountains literally filled with precious minerals and metals and everyone should make it their first interest to prepare for the journey beyond the seas. The natives were primitive and easy targets for everyone to be exploited. Soon you grew with many others learning the ways of the northmen. Everyone was eagerly preparing for the hardships ahead and it was almost biblical phenomenon among the northmen. Everyone wanted to be the first to claim the new land. Dregur was almost as of the same age with you but he was originally a northman. Unlikely friendship was formed and you learned the art of combat and to respect the gods of the north. You grew into a strong and intimidating man who would arm many of the northmen in the world.
You sailed across the sea with the invasion army and you shared its wonders with a woman clutching to your daughter. You were married to this woman named Runa. Freydin had her hair and the color of her eyes.
----
It all had happened mere years ago but you still have to clench to your teeth as the bitter memories settle in. You take another sip of mead from your horn.
>"I brought us here and made us home", you whisper and raise the horn towards the mountain in respectful gesture.
Almost as she would have wanted you to forget about her and struggle with the new mental challenge, you somehow managed to keep out from your mind. You think of the Black One and his mate. At least you think it was his mate, it somehow seemed fitting.
The raiding had always been the way of life for the northmen but there were those who always would see it wrong. Even then they never really made a hazzle about it, they just didn't participate in it. What made you truly to take part in it then?
You spit in the fjord and wipe your face. You can only think about the wolf face that was just as broken and beaten as a human woman had just lost her husband. That new land had brought you nothing but pain. Odin clearly had a twisted plan for you.
>"For a man who already has everything, you seem strangely conflicted", Levona said.
>"Just some old things. I shouldn't drink in the middle of the day", you explain while it really had never caused any problems before. You had your mead during the day but rarely got drunk. Hammering the anvil with a hangover was not something you wanted to try out. You extend the horn to Levona and walk back to the forge.
She sniffs it and gives you a questioning look.
>"It's mead. Finish it or pour it in the fjord."
>"You mean this is... the silly drink?"
You have to legitimately ponder it for a moment.
>"Well, if you have it in high amount, sure as hell you'll get pretty fucking silly."
There was not much left in the horn and she held it in front of her with her both paws. She took in the smell and was curious but didn't really know if she wanted to try. Finally she opened her mouth and lifted the horn up to her snout and tilted her head. She savored the taste and measured how it felt while going down to her throat.
>"It's made of honey", you explain. Her eyes widened and she clearly liked it.
>"I like it."
You smile and give her a little laugh. She empties the horn and places it on a mooring pole.
>"You ponder something", she points out.
>"It's nothing", you huff and realize too late you just admitted it.
>"You're different. I saw you taking down the one you call Black One. His real name was Ergefyr. His mate was Iddin."
You can only stare at the fires that was licking the metal you were working on. Soon the dark glows turned towards red, then into orange and so on. Past orange you would risk ruining it so you move the piece away from the embers.
>"He was a fierce fighter. I'm surprised it was someone like you who took him down."
>"What do you mean?"
>"You have a kind heart and it is your burden. You tried to stop Iddin from killing herself. I can't get it out of my head; among all the people who don't respect life, you show up. You saved me and now I'm here. You are a mystery to me."
>"I need to work. Please, go to Freydin."
>"But now we have time to..."
>"She could use someone to talk to", you say with confident and unshaken tone. She was not the type to force someone to talk. You were conflicted even more: she was basically your slave you had claimed but you honestly didn't know what to call her.
>"I hope this wasn't a mistake", you whisper gazing upon the fjord. Now when the mead, the drink of the gods is granting you some bits of godly wisdom, you begin to think this all would likely end sadly.
The day shifts into evening and you finish the order just in time. It was just a couple of hinges for a door, nothing fancy nor interesting but still the old man Jansson was pleased. You'd rather make weapons instead but knowing how they would be used, was kinda the drawback. Especially now when you were conflicted with all the new.
>"I heard that wolf is still with you", Jansson laughs.
>"Brave move. With a child in the house and all that... you sure that's smart?" the beardy man glances you.
>"I'll manage with her. Any idea what happened to the furs and other usables with the Black One?"
>"Someone is selling it for a ridiculous price since you didn't claim it. It rouses some bad blood in the village due everyone thinks you are the rightful owner nonetheless. Well... you know how it works around here. Laws and such."
>"I know it all too well", you admit and conclude you need that damn hide. You would never have peace if that thing was hanging on someones' wall.
>"I fear you've grown soft on a wrong moment", Jansson admits. He never really had strike you as intrusive and as an customer he had always been the pleasant sort.
>"This is a strange land and we are the foreigners. We don't know what they are entirely cabable of yet. If it comes to that, don't hesitate to off her quickly."
'Her?'
>"You always had a kind heart even while you embraced our way of life, Sigfar. I like that about you but offering an unprotected back to someone whom you've just met may not be a smart move."
After that he thanked for the work well done and he was gone. You were finished for the day as well and at the first twilight you closed the forge. You clapped the dust off of your hands and sneezed. After that you went inside and the sight almost made you faint. Not out of shock but more like out of disbelief and mental conflict.
You can only stand and watch as Levona sits next Freydin's bed. She had clearly finished telling a story or some sort and you can only see a mother about her. So sincere she was with your daughter that Freydin might have come out of that wolfess instead. You shake your head.
>"Good night", Freydin says with a sleepy tone.
>"Good night, little one", she whispers back and pulls the covers up to her chin.
>"You all good here?" you ask even when you don't really have any doubts. Levona shrugs and manages to produce a faint smile.
>"I left some more blankets for you."
>"Why can't Levona sleep with you? There is plenty of room."
'Kids and their honest mouths.'
>"Good night, Freydin", you say and make your way to your bedroom. Not long after you hear the stairs creaking unders Levona's weight as she climbs them up and curls up on the floor.
You can't but ponder Freydin's question. Clearly they had grown on each other during this short time they've had.
You could't tell if Odin had cursed you or did it have some greater meaning.
With thoughts of doubt and unease you drift to sleep.

Chapter 2.
-Unexpected plans

You begin your morning by taking a dip into the fjord. The water is nearly freezing but it used to be even colder back in your home. You wash you face in the saltwater and taste it in your mouth. Like drinking stale blood from the skull as some retards used to do as a sign of victory. The whole northman colony was full of such posers taking pride in acts of inhuman and pure savagery. You armed them even. Sometimes life as a blacksmith was not so grand and uplifting. Like knowing how your lifes work was used wasn't bad enough. Some fuckers even flaunted with the severed limbs and cleaved heads, not only that but brought them along with them to show them to you. For some reason you never received any nonhuman body parts as signs of praise. With the skinning the dead ones being the usual custom, who would really recognize the faceless skull from the one of an animal? Hell, who were the animals anymore?
You grunt as you see your face dripping on the reflection of the water's surface. The rocky bottom with your feet embedded within were right after that.
You fix your posture and gaze at the majestic land around you. That land truly was magnificent. Just how had it been till those mountains saw their first furless human? If such people existed, what else did that land held within?
>"Odin, just say it out loud for this once for fuck's sake."
Like always before; the silence scoffed at you.
>"Hey, Sigfar!" you hear someone yelling with a very distinguishable voice. Sure as hell she wasn't speaking for Odin even if the circumstances and timing were somewhat fitting. You turn around and see Levona standing on the mooring. The water was up to your waist but due to the crystal clean water she saw your manly features just fine. She didn't understandably pay any attention to that part of your body.
>"Freydin told me she should go to the market and gather some things", she explains as you wade across the water and climb above the mooring without a care about your nudity in front of her. You begin to dry yourself with a towel and notice she isn't averting her eyes. You can't really discern or tell what was going on in her head but you don't pick any signs of disgust, even when she clearly is eyeing your body from places she normally wouldn't see. You wrap the towel around your waist and finally she meets your eyes and her facial expression turns into a face of horror. She realized she was caught peeking.
>"I... I believe I need you permission to accompany her", she explains hastily and making the best effort to keep her poise.
>"I'm your slave after all..."
>"You're not my slave", you hiss and walk past by her.
>"If I'm not, what am I then?"
>"I... I don't know."
She looks at you with apparent confusion.
>"Why did you save me?" she asks. You can see her tail move from side to side few times behind her. What ever such gesture indicated, you truly had no idea.
>"Because I'm cursed", you admit without a second thought.
>"By what?" she asks again and crosses her arms across her chest. She must be thinking you're mocking her.
>"By having a heart."
Her gaze follows you all the way to your doorstep. You can almost feel her baffled eyes on your back and her ears folding back against her skull out of uncertainty. Inside Freydin immediatelly shows up.
>"Can Levona come with me to the market? Please!"
>"Of course. Just be careful out there", you remind her and being completely oblivious to the possible consequences that could follow. They were just going to get some supplies and food together, what could possibly go wrong? You give Freydin some money and go get dressed as they leave for the market together. You dress up and smile. You would have a day off. You would have the whole day to yourself. As you ponder what would you do on your long awaited one free day, you somehow miss the forge. Maybe do something for yourself for once? Something for Freydin? Levona?
You snort at the idea. That was your day off and you would spent it as you please. You had heard the fjord was full of salmon. It was difficult to catch them when such a strong fish would easily break loose from the weaker nets. Dregur had told about some guy fishing them with wooden lures that mimicked small fish but you had no idea how to use such tools nor making ones in the first place. During the winter hooks would work but reaching the deepest part of the fjord without ice was difficult; you had no boat.
You had so little spare time these days you forgot how to do anything besides work. The recent raid you participated on was one of the rare occasions to do anything else. Nonetheless you learned that you had not forgotten your warrior training.
You ponder and ponder like an idiot sitting on a stool in your cabin and finally  you figure it out. You would just sit at the mooring and gaze at the fjord with some mead. You would relax and enjoy doing nothing.
All of a sudden Levona and Freydin open the door bolting inside and immediatelly you notice something was off. Freydin was crying and Levona was breathing like she had just ran for her life.
>"What happened?" you ask and take Freydin to your arms. Levona catches her breath and sits down.
>"Don't let them do it", Freydin sobs.
>"What is this all about?"
After calming down Levona explains everything.

The silence was unreal. Freydin was hugging Levona who didn't hesitate to return the gesture of affection. You still can't speak. Of all the days there had been and would perhaps come, it happened on the day you had absolutely no plans for. Someone knocked on the door but you didn't really see any need to get up and open. You knew damn well who it would be. Dregur opens the door and steps in. He scans you for a couple of seconds and comes in without an invitation. He wipes his long and elegant locks aways from his face and takes a chair under him.
>"It's true?"
>"Yep", you admit.
>"Shi... damn", Dregur whispers as he corrests his words near your daughter.
>"Your ways are foreign to me. What does this whole thing mean?" Levona asks.
>"Earl, Karl Alisson", you say staring at the floor.
>"Who is he?"
>"King of the northmen", Dregur interrupts like he always wanted to be in the middle of everything.
>"He has been leading our people ever since we colonized. He never was too smart but this?"
>"I don't understand this. We ran into him and Freydin didn't see him, it was not her fault."
>"Of course it wasn't!" you shout and get up. You had to walk, you had to do something.
>"Why does he wan't my life?" Levona asks and Freydin tightens her grip, squeezing her arms around her.
>"His royal highness is an ass", Dregur grunts.
You lean on the chimney of the fireplace and sigh.
>"What can we do about it? Any way to appeal him and put this behind us?"
The earl believed Levona could be spying for the beast people and thus wanted to get rid of her. It had nothing to do with Freydin in the first place.
>"I can challenge him and take his place as an earl", you explain.
Levona stared at your muscular and scarred back. Dregur was uneasy and he got up too.
>"I know this is more complicated than that. You're not going to hand her over and be done with it."
>"True. This is my day off from work. What's the better way to celebrate it than becoming the new earl?"
Dregur frowned.
>"Fantastic", Dregur sighs with the tone that told you, 'you're fucking dead.'
>"You do realize he is a cabable warrior and takes pride in his cruelty? Like... removing your head is a massage in his standards."
>"Sigfar! You... you can't. I will submit. Just... let them do it."
>"No! They will kill you", Freydin protested with teary eyes.
>"I'm sorry little one. I really am", Levona tried to calm her and hugged her tightly. Dregur was looking at them with confusion and unease.
>"Daddy... please. Don't let them kill her."
You clench your teeth and breathe deep. You couldn't just watch as they drag her away and Freydin would lose someone close to her once more. You were more a man than that.
>"I need to prepare. Bring me my axe and Dregur, tell the earl I will challence him."
Dregur didn't say anything. He just nodded and left. Levona asked your daughter to go to her room. You had pretty good hunch about what was to come up next.
>"Sigfar", she begins and comes close to you. You look at her blue eyes downwards.
>"Please, think about this."
>"Already have."
>"Freydin can't lose you!"
>"She still would have you", you explain and you both know Freydin would become an orphan. Nonetheless gods frowned at cowards and giving her in would be an act of cowardice.
>"That isn't the same! Why would you even risk your life for me?" she retorts.
>"You are the closest thing to a mother se has had ever since my wife passed away", you whisper and Levona's eyes widen. Her eyes were still as beautiful as ever.
>"She would never forgive me if I let that happen. Also backing off from it would be an act of cowardice and thus I would decline my place in Valhöll. Should I fall, I know you will take care of her after that."
Levona clenches her teeth and reveals them in an angry snarl. She shuts her eyes and makes her best to come up with something to say but words fail her.
>"You better do this for your daughter and not for me", she finally hisses through her teeth.
>"You big and stupid moonskin. And how do you think I can take care of her if we're both dead?"

The sun reached it's peak and you stood in the middle of the village. Levona didn't let you hear the end of it how you should wear armor and not to challence the earl with your chest bare. People were betting for a winner and almost the whole village was present. Dregur stood with Levona and they both were nervous. You were nervous.
Alisson stood right in front of you and measured you curiously.
>"Why do you challenge me with so little?" earl asked. He was armed with an axe and a shield. That was not easily toppled with a twohander and doing so required more than just brainless bashing. You practically had nothing to parry his attacks.
>"If this is the will of the gods, then our doings weight very little", you respond.
The earl pondered it for a moment and he followed suit. Shortly after he was without his gambeson and other protection just like you. Levona had never seen so much muscle in her life. Alisson was an intimidating opponent, not gargantuan in any way but his appearance was just somehow savagerous. His chest was scarred and well built nonetheless. You knew he was fast and for that him using the shield always had struck you as unwise choice.
>"Now we fight as equals. You lose and we will execute that spy you have under your protection. You win and the future of our people rests in your hands."
>"Understood."
>"Well then. Let us fight."
You take positions and with surprizing speed Alisson charges at you. You block his movement with the shaft of your axe and remain poised without losing your balance. People were cheering and Levona was covering her muzzle with bated breath. Alisson backed a little to get some space between you but then you leaped with your axe ready. With a mighty blow the blade bore in the shield and got stuck. Alisson moved the shield and gave you good kick sending you away. Dregur and Levona were gasping when your back hit the ground. As you lie on the sandy soil you bounce up like a spring and encounter him.
>"So fast!" someone compliments.
Alisson tries to break your balance once more but you grab the shield and when he tries to tear himself free, you release and make him waver. Then you kick his shield and open him for a new attack. You jump and grab him by the waist taking him down. After a couple of quick blows you stain his face with blood and with a sneer he topples you off of him and soon it's you who is on the ground. Your ribs take a couple of painful blows but you grab him again and twist him off of you. You get up and kick him in the lower back making him to tremble but you knew it wouldn't be enough. You were right and soon you feel his knee in your belly. Your breath is cut and you feel you entrails bursting. Next you feel his fist in your face and stars fill your field of vision. You think of your daughter. If you lost she would lose both and Dregur would have to take care of her. Levona would be headless before noon and Freydin would have to live with it.
From the corner of your eye you saw Levona's terrified face.
You land your leg on the ground and maintain your balance. You spit blood and wipe your face. Alisson picks up his shield and axe. Then he removes your weapon from the shield where it still was embedded in and throws it to you.
"To Valhöll", he grunts. You nod and then you both charge for the last time. You knew he would try to break your balance but you had other plans. It was risky and there was a chance you would topple over and failing miserably but that was decided by allfather Odin. You jump and step upwards in the air over your opponent, using his shield to your own advantage.
People were gasping and cheering.
As you begin your descent you turn around in the air and Alisson only has time to realize his mistake. You land axe first behind him and the blade sinks in his shoulder. The collarbone shatters and blood spews out of his wound.
"No way!" someone shouts, apparently someone who had betted against you a hefty sum, as you later learned.
Alisson falls on the ground with pained grunts. He's clenching his teeth and spitting blood.
>"So it is decided", he rattles. You hold your axe in front of you and let it sink in: you've won.
>"Send me to Valhöll. I hope you rule our people better than I did. It's up to you now", the earl stutters in pain.
You nod and raise your axe for the finishing blow. Levona turned his head the other way and closed her eyes as you sent the earl away from the mortal world.
You raise your axe above your head and people begin to cheer. Some cheered more and others not so much. Perhaps due to lost bet but your friends were just appalled. You had just become the new king of the northmen.
An hour ago you were just a blacksmith and now...
The way was unclear. What else had Odin planned for you, only time would tell.

Chapter 3.
-Hail to the king

Levona and Freydin were equally confused. The earl's hall was a sight to behold from the outside as it was from the inside.
>"Are we supposed to live here? The tables and this hall... this place is huge!" Levona had shouted as she saw it for the first time. The tables easily fitted 50 men to sit at once.
>"It's not for us, silly. It's for the guests", Freydin corrected her.
Levona cocked her head and gave your daughter a pondering look.
>"The king will have feasts and great meetings for his people. They will eat and have silly drink. Then they fight and afterwards eat and drink more."
Levona frowned.
>"That's so silly!"
>"I know. Daddy, can I pick my room now?"
You ceased your admiration for your new home and gave her a look with bruised face. Freydin was pretty much familiar with your face looking like that occasionally.
>"Take your pick but make sure the servants have not taken it first", you admit. Of course it didn't matter, servants were servants and you were the fucking king now but you also wanted to be a good king.
>"I could actually pick the servants. Please, daddy!" Dregur smirked and Levona did not quite catch his humor. Your facial expression pretty much told him to knock it off.
>"Just kidding! Just don't become a king that has everything besides humor. No one will like that."
You say nothing.
>"King of the north, huh. I'll be damned."
>"You were always there when no one else did. You helped me when I was trying to recover from my grief", you start and Dregur grew silent.
>"You defended me if someone would think ill of me or my actions behind my back. As a new king of our people, I will make sure you made the right choice and you will not regret it."
>Oh please! Come on. You owe me nothing", Dregur underrated. He surely had treated you like a brother and always no matter how ridiculous your ideas were, he would always have your back.
>"I got some good mead and good swords but if you insist..."
>"The mead sounds fine. It's fine", he cuts you short.
You both laugh and share a brotherly hug. You almost faint when the pain pulses through you.
>"Oh... yeah. Levona, could you... you know?" Dregur calls her to help you.
>"I will take care of him. You could help me to carry him though..."
>"I can carry my own weight, thank you. Just tell me where to go."
The king's room was just as grandiose as his hall. There was already someone lying under the covers. The former king's concubine, a very pretty at that. Reluctantly you refuse to join her as she explained that she wanted to congratulate you personally for your victory. You told her that your wounds made it impossible at the moment and just as reluctantly she left you and Levona alone. You sit on the side of the bed and Levona starts to look for bandages. She had fetched some herbs from your home before checking the king's hall with you.
>"What was that all about?" Levona asked as she made her way behind you and lowered herself on her knees behind your back. She begins to tend to your wounds.
>"King's often have women who serve their needs."
>"You copulate with your females even when you don't know them properly, or feel love towards them?" Levona asked.
>"That's correct. We usually fuck because sex feels good. Not only because we want babies."
You really didn't fancy that. Sure you probaply had bastards somewhere but your former wife was all you had cared about. Fucking without love was almost as good as fucking your hand but you could tell the difference still.
>"I don't get it", Levona admits from behind you.
>"You don't have sex for the said reasons? You do it just to reprocreate?" you whisper appalled.
>"It's not that", Levona hissed and she pulled the bandages on your aching ribs making you to sneer and spit curses.
>"We just don't want anyone else that isn't our mate. That's how we are. Once we fall in love we never depart. Even upon our mates' death we rarely can ever love again."
>"Losing the one you love must be hard. Harder for your people I mean. We can always start over when grief passes. If it passes."
>"What was her name?"
>"Runa. She got sick soon after we shored and never got better. Still I have no idea what illness took her."
>"I'm sorry. Freydin is sweet but I can never replace her mother. I hope you'll understand."
>"Still... shit! Like it or not, you're part of the family now."
Levona frozed and you had to remind her about the task at hand. She finishes bandaging your wounds and then you lie down on the bed.
>"So... what now?"
>"Now I rest. Look after Freydin will you?" you sigh. Levona measured you for a while and left you there enjoying your well earned rest.

On the next day you surprize levona and the whole village. You quickly made arrangements for the funeral of Karl Alisson, even while you had your doubts if he ever deserved such ceremony and act of respect. He had fought fair nonetheless even when he might have won if he had done otherwise. Levona didn't understand it of course.
>"You bury him? Weren't you two enemies or did I got something wrong?"
>"He was a great man who accomplished much in his life. He fought valiantly and fairly yesterday", you admit as people are rowing a funeral boat to the mooring. They had picked the boat for Alisson and soon his body was lying on it. The ceremony was grand and Levona had never seen such a thing in her life. She must have thought your people to be nothing but stinking savages who live in caves. You were glad to fix her prejudices. You had to explain the meaning of the human sacrifices and the customs in general. She sneered when you explained why a certain girl was obviously fucking all the men of the Blue Landing before her throat was cut and her lifeless body was placed right next to Alisson's. You never understood it either but you never gave them instructions of how the funeral should be done, so they did it the way they usually did.
In the twilight as the burning ship slowly disappeared far away in the fjord, you stood on the mooring of your old home. You meant to retrieve some of your old belongings and some mementos, tools and other things that had none other but some sentimental value. You took a mouthful of mead and gazed at the ceasing spot of light above the water. You raise your horn and empty your drink. Then you lift your stuff on your robust arms and make way to the king's hall.

In the following weeks you got the name Hammer King. Despite you used two handed axe in battle but your hand never really had felt complete without a hammer. You still spent your days hammering steel into usable things. People either spoke out your name with humor or confusion. Not that they really could understand but standing at your forge and gazing at the crystal blue waters of the fjord, its beaufiful mountains while working, it all had became a sacred act for you during the years. You couldn't live without it. You took a sip from your horn and raised it at the mountains, not sure what that gesture truly meant to you but it had stuck with you.
You turn at your forge and notice the piece of metal you were woking on, had begun to sparkle as a sign of burning up.
>"Shit!" you mumble and rush to the resque. You pick the poor piece of metal from the fire with your pliers and notice it was beyond saving. You toss the would be knife next to the fire on the cold coals and curse. The decent knife material was scarce and it also burned up easily at the forge.
>"Here you are", Levona greets you. You could have been more cheery though, not that one small flint knife really ruined your day. There was much going on in your life right now. Like Freydin getting used to being treated like a princess by the king's maids.
>"Where else would I be?" you grunt.
>"Where would a king be?" Levona riddles. Not that she had any meaning behind it though, it was just some version of humour of her people.
>"Please get to the point", you sigh.
>"The King of Hammers", Levona smirks.
You knew what the folks around the Blue Landing talked about you.
>"Sit down."
Levona sits on the mooring pole that was a piece of a whole pine, that was embedded into the seafloor. You pour your horn full and another for Levona. She accepts it with confusion. She had learned last week what the silly drink really meant. It was a series of awkward stumbling and all kinds of mishaps. She had been rather angry at you for not warning her more precisely or the dangers of the 'silly drink'. She had been extremely worried if Freydin saw her in such a sorry state but you knew she wasn't anyway near during the said event.
>"Look at this", you sigh and gaze at the mountains. She looks behind herself.
>"This was my kingdom even before I became a king. The forge was my throne and this wonderful scenery my domain. We humans are different and we all have our own things which gives us satisfaction."
>"Still raiding and pillaging seems to be your common custom."
>"No reason to deny it. We will be a thorn in your people's side in the future as well."
Levona's was less cheery when she heard of it. Guess she had hoped you changing it since you were the king now. It occured to you just now.
>"Or why should we?" you whisper. Levona looks at you with hopeful eyes. Her sky blue eyes light up and you can see hope overcoming her.
>"We came here to colonize and farm. Who says it should be just war and raiding? Did you say your first contact with my kind was with merchants?"
>"They sold all kinds of stuff and called themselves merchants. Our encounter was peaceful but leery."
>"I should have thought of this earlier. We are only a small settlement and your people rule these lands. Likely they outnumber us and if they wanted so, they would eventually drive us away from these lands."
Levona takes a sip and is lost in her thoughts.
>"My people arent really fighters. Every tribe has their combatants but they are fewer than yours. The tribes are in conflict but this new threat of the moonlit warriors has got them all tense."
You'd hate to be the king who was responsible for the slaughter of the whole colony. Surely there were more Black Ones than just one. More and less cabable warriors in every tribe, Odin knew how many tribes hid in those endless woods.
--
As you planned your move, you noticed more and more holes in the plan that aimed for the wellbeing of both nations. You could tell everyone to cease hostilities but you harbored a nonhuman in your halls and others would likely see it as a ruse. They would think Levona had brainwashed you somehow to surrender your people to the wrath of the nonhumans like some fool. When it came to loyalty towards one's own people, you couldn't really rule out the possibility it would play out just the way you imagined. Levona was not to be trusted, not completely.
If you told everyone to lower their weapons it was unlikely they would let the given possibility to slip throught their fingers... or paws, however they would put it. If you let everything to go on their own pace... nothing would ever change. The raiding would go on and more bad blood would be created over the months and years.
You fix your posture on the wooder throne and gaze the empty hall. It had fallen on you to be an instrument of change... only into what that change would be? Freydin would likely see the both sides of the same coin. You've seen how happy your daughter had become as of late. She and Levona seemed like they were the best of friends and you can't but think of your dead wife. Freydin never got over losing her mother and...
>"Your highness", Dregur smirks and he enters the hall with mocking gestures trailing his movements. He appeared to be lightly drunk.
>"One would honestly think a king has better things to do than sit on that uncomfortable chair all day", Dregur points out and takes a mouthful from his horn.
>"Jokes aside: you've been sitting on your arse for days. The kingdom needs attention, my friend."
>"What the hell you think I'm doing?" you grunt. You miss the forge and the anvil and instead you just retreated to make plans.
>"Share your plans, please, truly!"
>"You've been on the raids much more than I have. What numbers are we talking about here?"
Dregur got vigilant and lifted his brows confused.
>"We've been slaughtering them in hundreds ever since we got here. We haven't seen much signs about their numbers getting smaller. Why?"
>"There is about 2000 of us and not all of them are suited for battle."
>"You fear those mongrels might wipe us out?" Dregur laughs.
>"Yes."
Dregur couldn't come up with anything to say. You explain him your fears and he quickly shares your views.
>"Can't you send Levona as an ambassador? I mean... you could forge an alliance?"
>"If it was any way near that easy you think I wouldn't have done that already? I may have my trust on Levona but it's everyone else that I don't trust!" you shout and even Dregur sees it now more clearly.
>"If we cease hostilities we may open ourselves to retaliation and if we do nothing, this bullshit will go on and on till one day those natives decide that enough is enough!"
>"Then what do we do?"
You shrug and spread your hands up in the air beaten.
>"Let me do it", Levona says and you both startle. Dregur is coughing up mead and you can only think of how much did she hear.
>"Let me be the ambassador for your people. I will tell them that you have a new king and Sigfar here is willing to cease all hostilities and instead begin trade."
What if everyone else was right? What if she is going to sell your people out and...? You shake your head at such thoughts. She loved Freydin no doubt but it was either her people or yours. Levona was kindhearted but there were certain things even you couldn't deny.
>"I know you have doubts but I would never do anything to put Freydin in danger. We have a chance to end the fear and bloodshed! Within this room I see two moonlit warriors who were cast down on earth from the sky, boogiemen and monsters who scare adult and a child alike! Yet I hear these monsters of the legends to negotiate for peace before my very eyes."
>"Moonlit warriors?" Dregur mumbles like his gears had just jammed for good.
>"Don't ask", you inform and walk to Levona who makes her best to look strong before the intimidating human, who had his muscular chest bare and the look of an assassin about his eyes.
>"I'll be completely honest with you", you whisper and on your chest level you see a pair of beautiful blue eyes. It pained you to make it clear. "If I detect any sign of deception, I will kill you without a second thought. I have too much at stake and neither of us outweight that. Freydin will never forgive me for that but I'm ready to live with it. It'll be another burden above the other."
>"You already saved me from your kin twice, let me do something in return."
>"I will."
You turn away from her untill, "I should bathe. Freydin helped me to clean your forge and now I'm all covered in dust. Where do you usually do it?"
>"Dregur, you're up."
Levona is frozed in horror.
>"What? Me?"
>"You. If anyone makes any move against her, cut off their balls. I got something to do meanwhile."

-You are Dregur

>"That son of a...", you mumble and wipe your tongue across your filed teeth. The fjord bathes in sunlight and blue waters remind you of Levonas eyes. In a way you were proud for being the kings trusted sword but a task like that was just plain stupid. She wasn't safe if she was bathing alone, you understood it but still. Guess he really trusted no one else.
>"Everyone will see me", Levona retorts.
>"You wanna clean yourself or not?" you grunt. With a sneer she walks towards the shoreline and begins to undress. You can only watch as more and more humanlike features are revealed as her clothing piles up at her feet. You try to avoid looking at her direction but you're caught off guard completely of how much her curves look just like any woman. Even with the tail her ass was near perfect, her waist was wide and shaped like a godess. She had a pair of breasts just like a human woman but the fur hid their nipples. She looked so pure and unspoiled with all the natural features hiding the critical places.
>"Do you mind?" Levona shouts embarrassed and you jump a little, averting your eyes from her feeling like a goddamn pervert. Why did they call her kind beasts again? Like... why?
Levona wades across the water and stops when it reaches her butt. You avoid looking at her direction. You ponder if Sigfar has fucked her... no. He was broken due his wife but surely it was nothing like that. You've never heard anyone to rape a nonhuman even while some idiots jested about it. You find it strange all of a sudden, if they really looked that much of humans, one would think it had happened at least once. No amount decency or depravity could explain the northmen staying away from a deed like that. Hell, she looked even better than most humans.
>"Looks just like a woman", someone points out behind you.
>"The kings pet doesn't look like a beast to me", some other man points out. Some people just went minding their business and some kept staring at her appalled. Perhaps she felt the eyes on her body because she dropped herself in the water completely. Now that you got her figure out of your mind you begin to think the bigger picture. Those were dangerous times indeed. By the fall the Blue Landing could be a graveyard and you'd be in Valhöll with Anon. You were both outcasts only a little while ago. Now your brother was a king and you were his trusted instrument. If Odin had something to do with that, he surely had a twisted sense of humor. You see Levona standing up and rubbing her mane majestically as she whips her hair dry.
Just how did she fit in all of this?
You never really had trusted that humanshaped she-wolf to begin with but you had seen her looking at Freydin like she was her own daughter. Levona loved that little devil for sure. Not only that but you also began to see her less a beast.
>"Who are the beasts anymore", you whisper rubbing your chin.
Levona walked across the water, while the men watched her in confusion rather than how a man usually would look at a woman. Levona lifted a towel from the ground and saw everyone looking at her.
>"What?!" she shouted. "Piss off!"
Her reaction got the men laughing and whistling while Levona looked at them with unease and disbelief.
You turn at the men burning with anger, not because they were like swines but because you had so much in your mind right now.
>"How about you do as she says. I'd hate to beat you up in front of her", you grunt with angry and firm tone, boosting your position with your filed teeth showing.
>"Oh, the king's other pet is angry!" someone pushes his luck. Before he has the time to muster more of his stupidity or courage he has to swallow it with some new flavor. You smash your forehead in his nose and the man falls screaming on the ground. The laughter stops immediatelly.
>"Next one will be dealt with iron, fuck off!"
Men scatter and avoid making an eye contact.
>"You and our king will be the death of us all", the bloodied man mumbles and you notice he means his words.
>"Right now your own death draws closer on every second!" you shout and squeeze the handle of your sword. The man spits blood on the ground and submits to your demand.
You turn back at Levona who has already dressed herself for the most part. She looks scared as she always was when violence was involved. She takes a deep breath and walks to you.
>"Thank you, Dregur", she whispers.
>"Don't thank me. We shoud go see the king", you deprecate and take lead.
>"Should I call him the king or earl now or just go with the Sigfar?"
You turn at her again lifting a brow.
>"I just... I don't know your customs so well and apparently we are making contact with my people now. I should probaply know more about your people if we are going to make peace."
>"It doesn't matter", you respond and lead the good bodied wolfess towards the king's hall.

-You are Levona

After the men had scattered and you began following the one called Dregur who had bloodied the other man's nose, you can't but ponder what got him so pissed like that. Not that violent respond came as a surprise to you, afterall it was all you had known of the moonlit ever since the first contact. Gods had no power over one's thoughts or the ability to change their opinions. Yet still you can't deny their intervention, it just seemed too unlikely. Sigfar of all the people who had the power to finish off the most fierce fighter you've ever known, had saved you twice from the moonpeople. Not only that but had become king at the act of defending you. Sigfar had fought for you and nearly got himself killed.
You had lived in fear ever since the moon-nation had shored for the second time, this time to pillage instead of trading. You had heard the terrifying rumors about whole tribes being skinned and slaughtered. Just mere weeks ago you had learned it to be true firsthand. The cruelty, the bloodshed and all the terror had arrived at your own home. And now home was no more. You had become an ally to your own enemy and didn't know if you could ever live with that. As you think the pure and innocent face of Freydin, your heart was at ease. If that meant the end of all the horrors you've seen so far, it was worth it.
You were the closest thing to a mother to her, you could never break that trust, even if it meant she would grow up as a warrior, who would in future kill your kin.
You think of Sigfar, the maker of moonweapons. The tall and muscular yet friendly giant. When you have seen him without the warpaint and blood, you've began to see his body as an instrument of something good. You had to admit it to yourself, without Freydin showing Sigfar's softer side, you would have probaply planned to kill him while he was asleep. Not that you would have been able to do it, you would have at least tried. You recall him saving you from those savages and you knew those plans you perhaps would have made, would have never come into fruition.
Sigfar fascinated you. He was a mix of fear, strenght and love. He reminded you of bears for some reason. His furless muscles were captivating... no. Nothing like that, you jump and shake your head.

-You are Sigfar again

The oaken throne began to dig into your bottom. You curse as you get up and almost fall. Just how long had it been since you had holed up in there all alone?
>"I should finally do something", you mutter.
>"I agree", someone responds and you startle for the second time when someone sneaks up on your presence. Jansson walks in the hall and smiles.
>"Oh, Jansson. How are the hinges working?" you greet him. He lets out a hearthy laugh.
>"Your products have always been the best. I'm not here for that", Jansson admits and walks to you.
>"You are of the younger generation and the oldest of the northmen are too old to fight anymore. They just charge at the beastpeople to die in battle but as for me. Odin is the allfather and being left out from entering the Valhöll shoudn't be too heavily mourned. You always had a kind heart and in such a society as ours, it's tends to weight heavily time to time."
>"I do have a burden. I'm a king who is trying to save our people."
>"That I would never doubt. I can see that your kindness is playing a big part in all this."
>"We don't know how large numbers hide within these lands. If we keep raiding them they will retaliate sooner or later. We are but a small settlement and we have enemies too many to count."
Who knows if you had been victorious for so long only because of your "moonweapons".
>"I was just getting at complimenting your wisdom. Karl Alisson did always put the wellbeing of his people first just like you but this land if foreign to us. You are rightfully conserned of the threat."
It felt so good to get support from someone older than you. Jansson was an old man and seen much, it wouldn't too far off to say that he knew the ways of the northmen better than anyone.
>"Peace may well be our only option", Jansson admits.
>"But after all those years of hatred and violence... how can we achieve that? I was always seen an outcast, now I'm their earl, a king! Of all the people Odin chose me to bear this burden."
>"Odin may have only one eye but he has more up in the skies. I think you are the only one who can achieve that if it can ever be achieved. Times do change and if we don't change with it, then the time will consume us", Jansson finishes his speech with a warm smile.
>"All you have to do now is to break the news to everyone else", adds while walking away.
That's likely the hardest part.

-The ambassador and the fool.

Two days later there was a grand celebration at the king's hall. You made yourself known to people as a king who treated to his people. People ate and drank, celebrated and got drunk. Levona was at your quarters with Freydin, since you figured neither of them should be present at the occasion for obvious reasons. You sat on your throne and steeled yourself. The benches around the tables were all filled, everyone was present and that was the time.
You stand up and everyone grows silent.
>"I'm glad to see so many at my halls. I hope you've enjoyed yourself for I have a major announcement to make."
No one spoke a word. Not even a whisper.
>"As you well know I have learned something during my absence. I see many able bodied men and women and that makes me proud of you all. I'm proud to be your earl and I can promise that the future of Blue Landing is my only concern. I see many cabable warriors but I fear our numbers are too few."
You take a look around and prepare yourself.
>"The times have been fruitful yet it also comes with a cost. I have made plans in all silence and prepared for making a peace with the local natives."
People nearly choked on their food. Someone poured his stein on the floor and some drunken mugs stopped leaning on tables.
>"You cannot be serious!"
>"Peace?"
>"We don't know how many enemies we are up against. The lands are vast and they rule here, not us. We are stronger, smarter than them but that isn't enough if they decide to unite themselves against us."
People began to whisper, some were confused, some were angry and some had passed out. One man stands up and gives you a dirty look.
>"That wolf bitch has brainwashed you! I knew it all along!"
People began to shout over each other and you allowed them to vent without a flinch.
>"Silence!" Dregur roars and people calm down only in voice.
>"I didn't expect you to take it with light hearts. Why would you? Raiding is our way and pillaging has sustained us when everything else has been in short supply. Only this is still a foreign land to us. It's all we have and we have roused hate for years. I'll be completely honest with you: we are the invaders here and the said plan for peace will be a difficult one. The gods have chosen me to begin the change and the last thing I want is to see Blue Landing vanish up in flames."
People were uneasy and conflicted. You were the voice of reason but peace? Was it really necessary?
>"We have been raiding villages and there is no end in sight", someone mentions. "We burn one village and another emerges. We have slaughtered them in hunreds if not thousands. My sons won't be able to fight in years and our cabable warriors are thinning in numbers on every raid."
>"You support this insanity?" someone scoffed.
>"I can hear the voice of reason, is all. We don't know if we ever get more people from the mainland. Hell, I wonder why anyone hasn't even showed up yet!"
>"So you would surrender?" someone scoffs.
>"I never said anything about surrender. I say our new earl has a solid point! They have been here for centuries and we've been here for mere years. Who knows what armies are gathering even as we speak? This is a legitimate threat!"
>"I say we gut that she-wolf bitch!"
>"Do you know their tongue?" you point out. "How do we ever find out anything if we can't figure out a word they say?"
>"Let the steel do the talking, it has worked always before!"
>"They could wipe us out if the earl is right!"
You slowly make your way to your throne and sit down. People stop the racket slowly, awaiting you to make your move.
>"We should arm ourselves and prepare for the worst", you say.
>"Cheers to that!" someone bellows.
>"Meanwhile we also figure out the terms of peace. My servant will be the ambassador between our people."
>"And when it sells us out so the beasts arrive at our doorstep?"
>"I have prepared for that", you lie. You don't really suspect her loyalty because it would also put Freydin in danger. Levona would never let anything happen to her. You were motivated however for the upcoming years when your daughter wouldn't even call you her dad anymore. Those would be lonely years indeed when you would also lose your daughter.
>"My axe will meet her throat if it ever comes to that. My will to spare her life led me upon this chair, I can also take the life I spared."
>"Her?" someone gasps.

When the evening turned towards the night you walk to your chambers. People were between two options: peace or combat and both of them could lead in demise. You would wait how things turn would out but it was clear there was no time to waste. 
You weren't accustomed to the fact that Freydin wasn't sleeping so close to you anymore. She had her own room now. You sit on the side of your bed and bury your hairless and tattooed head between your hands. When you raise your head you see Levona entering your chamber.
>"Freydin is sleeping. That scarred man is standing watch behind her door."
You remember his name was Skainard. Usually drunk but always did what was expected of him. If he was the trusted hand of the former earl, then he would be enough to protect your daughter at least for now.
>"I know you overheard the talk at the hall", you begin and Levona grew anxious. "I said what I said and I mean it. Still I trust that you would never let anything bad happen to Freydin."
>"That is true. I'd die for her", she says without a hint of hesitation. You hated to keep her in your grip but you couldn't expect her to be completely loyal. Who knows what she has lost due raiding and pillaging. For all you know she might have lost a child, that would explain why she adopted Freydin so quickly.
No, gods, please no!
>"That is the only reason why I'm willing to take upon this road. For her future and for the future of mine and your people."
>"Thank you", she whispers with her eyes fixated on the floor. "May I go now?"
>"Go where?"
>"To... to my quarters", she clarifies while rubbing the floor under her with her paw.
>"Wait, you've been living at my workshop's attic all this time?" you shout.
Levona stares at you like she didn't know how to respond.
>"Where would I be then? The other servants don't like me with them and I don't like how they look at me... like I was some aberration."
>"You may stay at my quarters", you inform.
You couldn't be sure if she was delighted or upset. More like confused you'd wager.
>"The king's quarters? That... that won't be necessary."
>"You're not staying at my workshop either, not now when there are so many drunken men after your hide."
She agrees. Times had become dangerous for her and it would be a lie if you said it wasn't for everyone who supported you.
>"Well... if you insist. Where should I lie down?"
You tap the left side of the bed making her to step back a little. She was visibly afraid and confused.
>"I would share a bed with you?" she stutters while nibbling her hooked finger nervously, and avoiding eye contact with you.
>"You don't have to be afraid, Levona. I just want you to sleep decent and not to lie on the floor like a dog. My daughter adores you and it would be a piss poor example. Have no fear."
>"But... how decent it is to sleep in the same bed with... some other than a mate?"
>"It depends on what one does on the said bed", you smirk and lie down on your side, leaving plenty of room for her.
Slowly you feel her climb on the opposite side of the bed and spread herself on the covers.
>"Good night."
>You... you too."

As you had commanded, the men and women followed your orders regarding the reinforcements with joy. The walls around Blue Landing were reinforced, towers were erected and the woods around the settlement were cut down for wood and to make open ground for the archers. You gazed at the mighty palisade that would secure your settlement at the worst of times. You had more advanced weaponry and when it came to building, were it houses or ships, the northmen always had been good at that.
>"That should secure the place for a moment", Levona admitted with awe. The way the simple wooden trunks turned into staves and boards was just captivating for her. Your people chiseled out shapes Levona had never seen before, just like that simple raw materials turned into something of great use.
>"It's just amazing how your people build all this. The moonweapons cut wood like it's air."
>"The palisade is strong but do you think it's enough?" you ask.
>"Against a small group for sure", she admits with uncertain tone in her voice.
>"But what?"
>"The wood can be burned", Levona points out.
You sigh and see the weakness in the hardworked plans. If they had lantern oil or something similar the beast people could easily light up parts of the palisade. One could easily to that with resin and animal fat too, it didn't take a goddamn genius to light up wood. People have accidentaly burned their houses down while drunk.
>"You are a very smart wolf", you admit. Levona smiled and you could swear it was her version for blushing.
>"We need to prepare for that. How to stoke the fires in case they have the means to do it?"
The plan was simple: your people would hold their image of supremacy and still keep up the offer for peace. The natives would consider the peace offering as the better option, only in theory.
Flammable agents were easily made from animal fat and similar materials. It would be foolish to assume the palisade would provide more than a slow down. You had made some of the nails they hammered in the wood.
>"They seem content of this."
>"For them it's preparing for war or they feel that I have not overlooked their safety. Attack has always been the best defence and this is a little bit of both. What can you tell of your people?"
>"What would you like to know?"
>"How many clans and how big are they?"
>"I believe by clans you are referring to tribes. We had contacts to several other tribes and they had contacts on other tribes as well. Mine was small, maybe a 50 heads in strenght. The rest are bigger and they grow every year. That being said, I have no solid information but I also don't lie to you that they might be able to overcome yours in numbers."
>"You also use stoneweapons?"
>"We've never seen your moonweapons and we don't know where you get them. I mean you are a maker of such weapons but it's still all magic to me."
Levona thinks you're a magician? That's cute.
>"Stone can kill you just as much as steel. There are certain benefits though, that's why we favor metal."
>"Does it really come from the moon?"
>"Bah! We dig it up from the ground", you laugh.
Levona is absolutely floored.
>"The moonweapons are made of ground?" she gasps, receiving a few startled looks from the northmen. All this time the magical moonstuff resided beneath her feet, not up in the sky.
>"There are a few tricks to find it and prepare it for weapons but yeah."
>"We are walking on the moonstone as we speak!"
That brough up another thing. You reach your large hunting knife on your waist that had a decorated leather sheath. The blade itself was slightly less than a foot long and the handle was made from moose's horn. You raise it in front of her and extend it towards the confused wolfess.
>"I think it's time I show some more trust. Take it."
Carefully Levona reaches at the blade and soon holds it with both hands. She unsheathes the blade, slowly revealing the shiny weapon. It had etched letters in your native runes.
>"Did you make this too?"
>"That and many others."
>"It beautiful! And deadly!" Levona howls with awe. Her eyes are wide and shiny for she had just become an owner of an actual moonweapon. She was holding a solid moonlight in her hand, the magical weapon of legends used only by the moonpeople.
>"As a weapon should", you admit. Levona needed something more, you ponder.
>"Come with me, you need clothes."
With confusion she follows you to your old home. You give a look to your old forge longing for the times when there were orders waiting for you to finish. After you had become a king you had declared you'd take no new orders till further notice.
	"But I already have all my clothing I need", she retorts spreading her arms.
	"If you are going to present yourself as the link between two nations, you should at least dress accordingly. Here."
You open an old chest in your former bedroom and Levona grows curious. You raise before you an old cape that has beautiful fur lining and on the shoulders the unknown animal's hide protected the wearer's neck from wind and cold, as well as it made one to look good. You threw it on the bed and take another piece of clothing. They were but normal apparel of the nothrmen: linen shirt and throusers.
	"What's wrong with my clothes?" she importunes still.
You consider the possibility if it could be seen as an insult if you dressed her in the clothing of your own people. Also making her to settle with the old and scarce deerskins could give the wrong signal. Even that couldn't be easy when it came to the plans of upcoming peace.
	"These belonged to my wife Runa before she passed. They are made of the best materials we know and you may consider it as a gift, as 
	well as an offering between our races."
	"You would dress me in the clothing of your deceased wife?" Levona shouts.
	"Think nothing of it, Levona. My intentions are sincere."
	"It's not that you silly! What is it made of?" she corrects ogling the furs.
You had completely forgotten the fact that your people used anthro skins as clothing.
	"These predate the times we colonized. They are made of sheep's wool and animal fur. Have no fear."
	"If you promise", Levona agrees after thinking of it a while.
You stare each other for an awkwardly long time.
	"What?" you ask.
	"May I have some privacy?" Levona asked making you jump a little.
	"Of course, sorry", you apologize and exit the room. In the living room you look around. You remember how Freydin grew under that roof. You recall the pleasant times when your family was still intact and complete. Freydin can hardly remember her mother which was a shame. You remeber Runa's last words however; "please... do not weep. I know Odin has so much plans for you as well as he has for Freydin. 
	I just need to be elsewhere for that to happen. It's will of the gods, my love."
You wipe your scarred face dry from tears and sigh. You didn't take her words in the consideration before that. Just why didn't your wife fit in all of it if your daughter did? It made no sense. You pick up a wooden horse from the table and take a look at it. You never were much as a carpenter but during her earliest years Freydin had treasured that wooden thing. It didn't really strike you as a horse and you often heard Freydin imagining it as a different animal every time she picked it up to play with it, not just a horse. Guess the variety was only a plus.
Levona clears her voice behind you. You forget the wooden toy and place it on the table. You do your best not to show your awe.
	"So... how do I look?" she inquires with much anticipation.
She was beautiful. She really were.
	"You're pretty", you smile like it was just a commonplace.
Levona smiles and makes a circle on the floor with her paw.
	"These clothes are comfortable. I like it very much. These trousers didn't have a hole for my tail so... I hope that is okay."
	"They are yours now", you explain.

Dregur was somewhat confused. He remembered the clothes those were now on Levona. He didn't question you however and now it was time for the big step: to contact the natives. How would you do that? You wake up to the fact that you were about to take a major step in that political insanity.
She would offer peace in place of your people.
No more war, just trade.
Happy ending.
If only it ever was that easy. You sigh and take a look at Levona who was dressed like a nordling woman. The knife hung from her waist, the furs and clothing were almost unreal on her.
	"You think you're ready for this?"
	"If I'll ever be, it's now", Levona admits.
	"Someone needs to accompany you. Someone who will speak for me and tell me what your people have to say."
Dregur walks up to you and spreads his arms like waiting to be hugged.
	"Who else would it be than your most trusted sword?"
	"Not you."
	"Oh come on! Who else would you trust as much as you trust me?"
The logic was sound but that was not the only problem.
	"If I lose you then who would take your place?" you ask. Dregur had proved himself in countless trials that he was worthy of your trust and even more. You literally had no one else to take his place.
	"Someone who is just as eager to die for a good cause. And what kind of peace offer would that be if they killed me?"
You grunt in displeasure and run your hand across your face. Dregur always had your back and now he was willing to die supporting your cause. Losing Dregur would likely be the worst thing to happen. You could trust no one the way you trusted him. He was your only true brother in the Blue Landing.
	"Odin give me strenght!"
	"You don't need that. You have me", Dregur smirks as he places his hand on your shoulder.
	"Don't you fucking go and die, you hear me?"
	"And miss all this? Not in a million years."
Soon the duo exit the gates and you wipe off sweat of your face.
	"We are fucked. I just know it", you mumble. Dregur was still the best option, there just was no denying it.

The two walk onwards on the forest floor and in a while neither of them don't share a word. They just walk and Dregur still has occasionally to eye at Levona who was dressed like a nordling.
	"Sigfar places a great trust on you, Dregur", Levona breaks the silence.
	"Of course he does."
	"I'm not asking you to place on me such trust. Just trust me that I wan't peace just as much as you do."
	"Why should I?"
	"Freydin is in danger if we fail at this. You know damn well I would never let anything bad happen to her", Levona says firmly staring at Dregur's eyes. Dregur stares back without a single sign of uncertainty.
	"Fair enough. I also believe Sigfar trusts you for a reason."
	"When we get to my people, just don't to anything rash, okay?"
	"I'm here to deliver messages and watch your wellbeing."
	"I thank you for that."
	"Don't. I'm here on Sigfar's behalf."
Levona nods in approval and begins to lead the way. The duo walks onwards and soon Dregur grows vigilant because he has never been on those parts of the woods. The trees were angient and massive, almost like some kind of remnants from the older age. If the beast people lived there just how old were those trees then?
	"This is where you must steel your nerves, Dregur."
	"Why?"
	"We are being watched."
Dregur makes his very best to stay calm and ingnore the warning. He removes his hand from the handle of his "moonlight axe".
	"They won't just shoot arrows at us and kill us outright?"
	"No, they..."
Dregur charges at Levona raising his shield. The stony tips of arrows greet him from the backside of his shield. Without the shield Levona and Dregur would both have their entrails impaled by the arrows.
	"Sorry, you were saying?"
Levona exits the cover and waves her hands in the air, shouting at the invisible attackers in her own native tongue. Dregur jumps in front of her with his shield up.
	"They won't shoot at me."
	"Not very convincing if you don't mind."
Someone bellows something and Dregur notices a large wolf stampedes at them. Dregur grits his teeth and charges at the attacker despite the intimidating, almost feral look. Dregur acts quickly and manages to trip his opponent. The much spoken moonweapon on the throat Dregur lifts the wolfman on his paws and uses a living shield instead.
	"Tell those fuckers to stand down or I'm having his head!"
Levona quickly shouts her own version of the command and all goes silent. The wolf mumbles something.
	"Shut up if you wanna live."
Levona keeps talking and eventually Dregur sees several wolves and fox like creatures approaching from the cover. Almost all of them were aiming at them with bows.