A New Life
The lone human walked along the old game trail, enjoying the beauty of nature found in the center of the island. The entire place was beautiful really, the island's livelihood depended on that fact... but the dense jungle in the middle was a way to escape from the stress of work, the loud crowds of tourists or vendors, and the occasional spat of trouble that would arise on the island. Anon would come down in the jungle often to unwind, a little trip to himself normally lasting only a few hours before returning to civilization.
He followed along the trail for a while, no one came this deep into the jungle anymore, and hadn't since the island was a colony. Nobody knew for sure how far into the jungle the trails went, nor had any really wanted or had the motivation to find out either. Anon was with them in this mindset, he wasn't out for exploration, only to unwind. Eventually, he stopped along the path, finding a mostly flat large rock being bathed in sunlight through the dense overgrowth. Coming over to the rock it was just cool enough to be able to comfortably lay on it, which he did.
He sighed happily as he laid belly down on the warm stone, the warmth spreading throughout his body. It was so peaceful and relaxing after the stress of her job, the gentle heat mixed with the noises of the jungle helped to lull the human into a peaceful slumber, leaving him unaware of a set of eyes watching him from not too far away.
When Anon finally woke up he wasn't on the warm rock anymore, instead he was laying on a woven mat of reeds in a dark hut. His arms and legs were bound painfully tight and his mouth was muzzled by a cloth gag.
It took him a few moments to fully realize the situation, the more he woke up, the more he would panic until he was in a full-blown struggle trying to break free of the bindings or yell for help. He could barely see anything in the room, even after his eyes adjusted to the dark it just looked like an empty hut to her. It was a fairly small structure, made out of wood and plant fiber.
His thoughts raced as he continued grunting and struggling. "Where am I? Why am I tied up? Who did this? Tribals?" Anon, like most of the inhabitants of the island, had never had reason to go deeper into the center. Everything they ever could need was along the coast; trade, tourism, food. There were no vast deposits of ore or some other valuable resource in the middle. The only thing that served use to the civilized people of the coast was the natural beauty and its role in attracting tourists and federal grants.
Eventually the human's struggles attracted attention, the poorly made wooden door of the hut slammed open. For a second Anon was blinded by the light as it flooded in, he could hear footsteps approach him until they stopped. By the time her eyes adjusted, he was standing face-to-face with a Jaguar anthro.
The female wasn't wearing much, a loincloth and some jewelry. Anon blushed realizing the nudity of the woman in front of him, his heart still racing with fear. The woman had a stern look on her face, seemingly examining the human like one would a vegetable at a supermarket. Anon didn't dare to make a sudden movement with how vulnerable of a state he was in, but he did decide to try to talk through his gag.
The jaguar didn't seem too affected, merely twitching her ears a bit as she continued looking the human over. This 'inspection' went on for a few more minutes before Anon suddenly felt himself be lifted up over the jaguar's back and out of the hut into the daylight again. The woman was unusually strong, Anon wasn’t a basement-dwelling neckbeard by any means, but he wasn’t a lightweight either, and the woman seemed to carry him with ease.
Outside the hut, Anon could now see clearly that he was in the midst of a tribal village. There were several wooden huts of various sizes set about the area, several young kittens played about, adults of both genders could be seen making weapons, simple clothes, traps, or conversing. Most of them didn't bat an eye to the human, having gotten their fill of her as she was brought into the village.
She was brought inside of one of the larger wooden structures. It was dimly lit by a contained fire in the center, around it were seats and he was placed at one of them. Opposite to him were three female jaguars, the female who carried him now sat beside Anon in the circle. Each of the females was wearing the same style of loincloth, each were equally muscular in physique and coat.
The one who brought him here slowly and gently removed the cloth gag from Anon's mouth, finally letting him speak as well as relax his sore jaw. "Hello...who are you? Where am I?" He had a bit of panic to his voice, but mostly tried to seem calm. "W-why did you all capture me? P-please let me go."
His pleas fell on deaf ears, they didn't seem interested in releasing him any time soon. The main jaguar spoke. "We saw you sleeping, took you for us. The people of other tribes are our prize." A smirk came across her face as she spoke, though it only served to leave a chill running down Anon's spine. The main jaguar grabbed Anon by the collar and whispered in his ear. "I think I will keep you for myself."
"N-no, l-let me go." She picked him up in a gentle way and re-tied the gag. She held the pitiful human in her arms like one would hold a child and carried him off with her to her own hut. This time as he was brought out, he attracted quite a bit of attention. He just closed his eyes and prayed for this dream to be over.
They came into her hut and she set him down on a mat similar to the one he had first woken up on, though this one seemed much fresher and had primitive leather pillows off to the side. The woman's eyes seemed to let off a faint glow as he looked down at the still bound and helpless human beneath her. "It has been many ages since anyone in our tribe has been able to take a human... you will be the father of many fine warriors for the future."
He shook his head, but he didn’t think he had a say in this. She looked down at him and pulled on his bindings. Anon’s struggling was cut short when he felt a row of sharp claws press on his throat, the female was no longer smirking, but was now baring her teeth.
"The first thing you will learn, human, is that you belong to me now. You. Are. Mine." She kept her claws pressed to his throat, causing little crimson beads to form. "You WILL father my children, you WILL be my husband, and you WILL submit." She finally let go of his neck, leaving the terrified human to gasp for air and yelp in pain.
"Now ..." She lifted the human to adjust him so that he would be laying on his back, belly fully exposed. “Let us begin…” She chuckled as she forced his still bound together feet up to his shoulders. Her paw swiped at his waist, slicing through his pants and underpants, causing him to yelp out in surprise. Thoroughly embarrassed, Anon tried to hide his loins from her view, but she scoffed and pinned his hands above his head. “Just relax and let me take care of everything, I’ll bet that you’ll be moaning in minutes.”
She straddled his waist and pushed her body onto his legs, pinning them and giving her unrestricted access to her prize. She pushed her moist slit against his genitals, slowly gyrating her hips, causing him to grow stiffer. When he was fully erect, she guided his penis to her now sopping wet entrance. As she lowered herself onto his member, Anon let out a soft moan. This greatly pleased the jaguar, causing her to lean into Anon further. As she reached her limit, Anon could feel his member bump into her cervix. She made a satisfied grunt at this, and leaned over to Anon’s ear. 
“Can you feel it? I haven’t been touched by another man before. You are my first. I didn’t want those spines scarring my womb. You should feel honored.” With that, she began to slowly ride Anon. Within moments, she was furiously humping away at him without restraint. Anon could feel the orgasm swelling up withing him, and tried to warn her for fear of what she would do to him if he came before she could find release. The jaguar took notice and sped up before finally thrusting downwards and letting out a mighty roar.
Her orgasm pushed Anon over the edge, causing him to erupt inside of her. Ropes of thick, pearly cum filled her womb to the brim, and then some; the excess dripping onto the floor. He groaned with pleasure as his seed filled the jaguar. Anon had never came so hard in his entire life. In a flash, the jaguar ripped off the gag and pushed her lips onto his. Her powerful tongue found its way in and began wrestling against his. The rough sensation of hundreds of tiny barbs scraping against his tongue only heightening his climax. After a while, the jaguar pulled back. Anon was panting, as was she. Both from the thrill of climax, and the intimate kiss they shared.
With a clawed hand, the jaguar gently removed his still-throbbing erection from her cum-filled depths. The movement caused Anon to release a final spurt of cum onto her fur. She sighed happily, and let Anon’s legs fall back to their natural position. “Human, what is your name?” He thought about defying her, but the claw marks around his neck reminded of him what happened if she was displeased. “A-anon.” “I am Naraka. May our children be numerous and strong.” She reached over to her right and grabbed an ornately carved bowl filled with a noxious green liquid. She pushed the bowl to his lips and forced him to drink. It tasted awful. Like a mix between curdled milk and ammonia. He would have spat it out, had Naraka not clamped his mouth shut and forced him to swallow. When she removed her paw, Anon began coughing and sputtering. The jaguar chuckled. “You will make a fine husband, a fine husband indeed…”
The next few hours were all a vaguely remembered blur to Anon. Dancing, feasting, body paints, reveling in drunken madness, and what appeared to be an orgy that he thankfully avoided all smeared together into a night that would make any frat boy jealous. The one thing that he did remember, was the marking ceremony where he and Naraka exchanged love-bites. He awoke to find himself at the bottom of a dog-pile of jaguars, all snoring loudly. He began to panic and writhe in an attempt to break free. All that he accomplished, however, was disturbing the numerous jaguars on top of him. A paw grabbed ahold of him, and pulled him closer to her body. It was Naraka. He tried to break free from the jaguar’s grip, but she only pushed him tighter into her nude bosom. She was still half-asleep and began to quietly purr. Well, quiet for a jaguar. Through the constant rumble coming from her throat, he could hear half-dreamt thoughts escape her lips. “Good father… litter of kits… Anon… keep him safe… husband…”
---Several Years Later---
	After numerous escape attempts, Anon had finally come to accept his new life in the tribe. He hardly worked more than a few hours a day, simply because no one needed to. In this era between subsistence and civilization, food was as easy to come by as picking it off the nearest tree. He explained the concept of consent to Naraka, who immediately bawled her eyes out and begged for forgiveness at the realization of what she had done. He consoled her and told her that all was forgiven, and after an aggressive (and entirely consentual) mating session, the night ended with Anon curled up in Naraka’s arms. One day, it occurred to Naraka that Anon might want to return to civilization, and she offered to leave the village and join him in the city. He simply laughed and said this was his home now. He had food, water, shelter, a loving wife, and a child on the way. Who could ask for anything more?

