*Tags are based off of what is going to be written. Expect Updates like molasses, but I will not post in again in the thread until it is done. And be warned!! I am still learning how to write, so read at your own risk.

Story premise based on the following post: https://desuarchive.org/trash/thread/28638191/#28647103. I only change the species from fox to wolf, and make the "trad wife" fetish into something more meaningful for the anthro female. 

>DALTON AND JACKIE
[wolf, tomboy][love/romance, sex, friends, comfy]~
#Dalton helps a bully turned friend to finally embrace her feminine side.

Jackie has been really quiet ever since Dalton stood up to her by the lockers. Jackie, the 6'6'' anthro wolf that had an inclination for bullying underclass geeks such as him. Her midnight fur, cargo pants, and a cheap mono-color t-shirt from Wal-Mart was the image of fear that was burned into his head from years of harassment. But all that changed a few days ago as Jackie was going through the usual routine of "borrowing" his lunch money at his locker during period change. Lots of noise, lots of people. No one gave a shit if Dalton was getting his ass handed to him, it was just all part and parcel. "C'mon Dalton, what's 5 bucks between friends" she said in a raspy voice that was barley feminine as she stared Dalton down at the lockers, here malicious stare almost a foot away from Dalton face, punctuating the impressive height difference between them. Jackie smirked as she continued "I mean 5 bucks was about the price I paid to fuck your mom last night, so it can't be that much". This might have been odd for Dylan to hear coming from a female, but Jackie was no ordinary female. She was a near-flat chested tomboy in both looks and behavior and on top of all that she was an anthro wolf in a human majority school. Most people could not tell what her gender was unless you asked her. Despite all this her insult still hurt, but Dalton decided it was best just to ignore her but she was persistent. Every time he try to leave she would just get in his way and mildly push him against the locker. Anger was starting to boil inside Dalton, he was getting pushed around again, by a woman no less, after such a good month of self improvement progress: he finally started going to the gym and making gains, read self-help books, and getting a lot more involve in his community. So Dalton was a bit more than frustrated, when Jackie, one of, if not the person that made him want to under go self-improvement, was beating him down again in spite of all his progress.  Dalton didn't know if it was because he just recently started going to the gym or that he finally got off his ass and got a part-time job, but the second or third shove from her ignited some newfound confidence and before she could push Dalton again he stood up straight and with a voice only a man could muster, as he beamed out "Jackie, Knock this shit off". She hesitated for a second keeping a scowl on him, looking Dalton up and down as if he were speaking a different language. Not sure if she was blown a back by the sheer volume of his voice, his sudden change in attitude or both, but after a few seconds she just smirked and barked "who the fuck do you thing your talking to!" as she was getting ready to strike him again. But before she could make contact with his skin, he quickly brought his right hand too smack across her face, the sound and scene of it causing people to stop and see in the busy hallway.It was a smack forged fires in the patriarchy, meant to put 'uppity little bitches like her in her place' he thought to himself. Not hard enough to break skin, but just enough to leave her face red with a dull and sudden sting. As he recoiled his had from the justice given, he kept lower it his side, cocked an open, ready to bring down order once again. Jackie grabbed her cheek, mouth open looking shocked as if he insulted her mother.  People that gather around were now commenting on the scene.  He figured embarrassment, shame, and anger are the elements of the of the pitiful cocktail of emotion that layed before him. A tear ran down her cheek, and as soon as it dripped down on her hand, the one assessing the damage done, she stared at him. Dalton only stared at her in a stoic expression and kept his lady-tamer at his side ready to go. After a few tense seconds she glance around a couple of times, as if to asses her situation and then stormed off down the hallway and out the doors with a pace and expression Dalton could only described as defeated. Looking back Dalton couldn't believe she just walked away like that, yeah he was confident and ready to to slap bitches, but her being a head and a half taller than him, a weightlifter, and on the high school soccer team. He was pretty sure she could of just kicked his ass. But why?  And looking at her now, Dalton could tell something was not right with her. She was sitting at the popular table like she normally does, but instead of hooting and hollering, she was just sitting their quiet and meek just staring at her food. Dalton couldn't help think that his smack gave had larger effect than he realized and his desire to know more intensified. Of course with nothing to loose and with his new confidence along with a 10% buff due to the bitch smack he decided to confront her on why she was acting this way.  It was the first time all year that he got relief from her constant harassment. And he was not going to drop the ball like some beta: ignoring her as she gains back her strength to bully him again. Although though he was still a geek and had enough autism to casually spend an afternoon in his pitch black room playing might and magic VI for weeks on end, he was actually starting to get shit done, instead of waiting for shit to come to him, and he was going to make sure that she-bitch was never going to bother him again. He wasn't sure how but he was sure as hell going to try.
