>As you and Cassie step out of the sedan and onto the sandy soil, you take in a deep breath.
>God you missed this place. The endless rows of longleaf pine trees, the cool guns that your Dad showed you how to shoot as a kid, and peace and quiet that you just can’t get in the concrete jungle that is New Orleans.
>"Welcome to Early Branch, honey! I know you've been begging me to come take you here, so I thought that this was a good time as any! Sorry about how long the car ride was, but it’s best if you split the drive across two days, rather than driving the full length in one."
>You look over to Cassie, whose face is full of wonder.
>"W-w-wow! I-it’s okay, Anon. This place is s-so beautiful!... And.... And... And you own this land, r-r-right?”
>“Technically it’s not just my land, Cassie. Stanley and Allen own the land, too. Dad and my uncle Johnny gave us all equal rights over the land when they passed, but It’s not like any of us would wanna sell it anyway.”
>You grab your girlfriend’s cane from the back seat and hand it to her.
>You didn’t even bother packing her wheelchair. The soil is so sandy here that it would just be more of a nuisance than help.
>“Th-thanks for bringing me…. Here... I-I’ve heard so many stories from you, your daddy, and your cousins from when we were all just kids. Y-your daddy is buried out here, r-r-right?”
>“Well, he’s not buried on the property, babe, but he is just a few minutes down the road. Tell you what, how about we enjoy this first real day around the property and we’ll go say hello to Papa tomorrow morning, okay?”
>You didn’t think her smile could get any wider.
>“Oh, A-ah…. Absolutely! I-I’m j-just excited t-to be here w-w-with you, Anon.”

>As she takes the cane from your hand, you steal a quick peck on her lips. The insides of her ears immediately flush.
>A-Anon! W-wait until w-we get…. Get... get inside th-the cabin! Wh-what if s-s-someone sees us?”
>You let out a small chuckle. You love how easily she can get embarrassed.
>“Cass, my family owns the land all round us. Nobody is gonna see us kissing like a couple of teenagers out in the woods.”
>“If you….. Insist…. But still warn your g-g-girlfriend before you s-surprise her, Anon!” she exaggeratedly pouts.
>“Well, then it wouldn’t be much of a surprise now, would it?”
>Cass chuckles at your verbal parry.
>You could listen to her laugh until the end of time.
>“S-sure, you g-got me there, Anon. Now h-how about you be a good boyfriend and unpack the car? I-I want to be able to have a nice walk before the it gets too dark outside.”
>Well you can’t argue with that. It’d be a waste of a good afternoon to just laze around when you could show her some of the sights and get all the crap out of the car.
>Neither of you packed a lot, so you had the car unpacked and the cabin set up within an hour or so.

>The August heat still lingers in the air, but the humidity is nowhere near as bad as it was back in The Big Easy. As you step back outside to help her up, you let your wandering eyes gaze over her form.
>Cassie sports a pair of uncharacteristically-short jean shorts that she recently picked up from an outlet store, as well as an off-white pastel floral shirt, with faint pink and yellow flowers. A simple sun hat and sandals complete her look. You also notice that the top few buttons of her shirt are undone, letting a little brown chest floof spill out.
>Before you completely lose your train of thought, Cassie taps you with her cane.
>“Earth to Anon! Hello? A-anybody in there? D-do you still want to go walking around some o-of the…. Property t-today?”
>”Of course, Cassie! We’ve got this whole week to ourselves. Here, let me show you where Stanley, Allen, and I used to play when Dad and Uncle Johnny took us here.”
>You gently hold Cassie’s free hand as the both of you slowly walk down the rutted trail. The two of you approach a fork in the road, and rather than turning westward, where your property split off from the main road, you guide your love east, further into the heart of your family’s land. 
>You end up at the edge of a clearing in the wooded property.
>The clearing is a fairly large open area that has rusting metal posts driven into the ground, with wire strung along the top. On the far side of the clearing there are a number of blueberry plants neatly lined up in rows.
>Cassie’s fluffy tail wags with curiosity as she eyes the blank wires. “Wh-what were those p-p-posts and wires for Anon?”
>Oh, yea. Those old things… “A long time ago my dad and Pawpaw tried to grow grapes here. They wanted to ferment their own homemade wine. Dad didn’t think that the grapes would be able to grow, but Pawpaw insisted that they at least try. In the end Dad was right and the grapes they bought just died off. None of us have decided what to replace this portion of the field with, so we use it as a clothes drying line. Hell, before the grapes, Papaw wanted to grow… other plants here as well. He loved working on the land.”
>You smile as you continue to reminisce on the stories that your father told you about Pawpaw. He passed before you could really remember anything about him, but your father always had a story to share of their shenanigans.
>Cassie interrupts your rambling with another question.
>“Y-you said that… that he grew another plant h-here… What was it?”
>“Well, if you must know, it was weed.”
>Cassie stops mid-step and you’re afraid that she might fall over. She leans in really close and whispers urgently.
>“W-w-wai-… wait… Your daddy and grandpa g-g-grew….. The marijuana?!”
>You can’t stop yourself from bursting out in laughter.
>“Haha! I guess they did. They tried to, at least. Dad told me that when he was sharing stories with the family.”
>You grab her hand and continue to slowly guide her across the cleared field, letting her stop every few paces and take in the nature surrounding the two of you. The two of you pass the blueberry bushes and continue on the tire-beaten track.
>“Unfortunately, the blueberries are just out of season, so we won’t be able to pick any this time. Sorry, Cassie.
>She shakes her head and looks over at you.
>“It’s fine, Anon… M-maybe next time we come here, y-you and I can get some?”
>“Of course!”

>The sandy tire tracks wind around the property and lead to an extremely large, partially-cleared section of the property. Here, longleaf pines stretch almost as far as you can see. The trees are planted in very precise rows and provide a solid bedding of dead straw on the ground. 
>“Th-this is so amazing! H-h-how many trees are here?”
>You shrug and gaze into the tree farm with her. “I’m not sure, to be honest. Dad planted most of these trees when I was just born. They’ll be ready to be cut down in the next few years or so, and we’ll plant new trees in their place.
>Cassie whips her head around and stares at you awestruck.
>“Y-y-you mean… Mean…. Mean that all of these trees…” she waves her cane around wildly at the countless pines surrounding you “...are g-going to be cut down! Th-that’s so much wood, o-oh my gosh!”
>“Hehe, yup. Allen and Stanley will definitely help me plant the new pine trees so I’m not too worried about it.”
>Suddenly, Cassie tugs on your hand.
>“Hey, Anon. M-mind if we go back to the c-cabin?”
>“Sure, love. Getting tired, too?”
>Cassie shakes her head and begins to drag one of her foot-paws through the dirt.
>She seems nervous about something.
>“N-no, it’s not…… Not th-that… I just… want to go back.”
>You’re not going to drag her around if she doesn't want to. You’ll both have plenty of time to wander around the property for the next few days anyway.
>The both of you slowly make your way back to the cabin. It’s not like the two of you walked very far. It takes only about 30 minutes to make it back.
>As you reach the cabin, you hold the door open for Cassie as she slowly shuffles inside. The smell of fresh pine follows you through the open windows. Cassie sets her cane down against the wall as she limps over to the fire place. You notice her staring at the decorations on the fireplace mantle. 
>Air Force and Navy medals shine brightly with an assorted number of small ribbons that are all displayed in two glass cases. Alongside the case an old photo stands in a beat-up picture frame. 
>In the old picture, A man with thinning brown hair stands proudly next to two small boys. The man has many holes in his white shirt and faded blue jeans, while the kids are wearing matching outfits. Both of the kids look absolutely devastated to be in the photo, while the older man has a wide grin on his weathered face. Both the children are holding a pipe with a piece of cardboard duct-taped to the top of it as a makeshift sign. The sign has a sloppy “SEP. 00” painted on it.
>”I-is that your d-d-daddy?.... Anon?”
>You walk over and pick up the photo off the mantle.
>”The little kids are actually Daddy and Uncle Johnny. Pawpaw is the older man.”
>“Wow! Th-this photo must b-be really…. Really old!... September of 2000. Th-th-that’s a long…… Long time ago!”
>”Yup, apparently they were planting some trees, and Daddy and Johnny did not want to be there at all. He said that it was long and hard work, but after he got older, he really enjoyed the time Pawpaw spent with him… Even if he did have to drag Dad and Johnny there kicking and screaming, haha."
>You set the picture back on the mantle, and Cassie fidgets with her shirt collar.
>”Thank…..thank you for b-b-bringing me here, Anon…. And showing me th-this beautiful pl-place… I-I just… want to tell you that I love you...So, so much… I still can-can’t bel…. Believe that…..That….
>She whips around to you and hugs you with a death grip.
>”....I can’t believe that you’ve been with me…. A-all this time… You’ve b-been my best friend since f-forever…. You t-told me th-that you l-loved me… A-and you b-bring me here to this beautiful place… This l-little hideaway fr-from the big bad world… You share all these stories and coo….. Things…. W-w-ith me, of all p-people... And I j-just want….. Want…. Want to show you how…..How much….I-I-I love you, Anon….”
>Cassie grabs the front of your shirt and pulls you towards the back of the cabin. The next thing you realize is that you’re in the bedroom.
>”I know…. Know that w-we said….. That we would w-wait until b-both of us were ready for….our…..first…..time… And I th-think…. No, I-I know that…. I am r-ready now…”
>Her blue pools stare into your soul as she says those magical four words.
>”Make love to me.”

>..........

>Holy fucking shit.
>This is actually happening,
>You swallow loudly as you embrace your brown wolfess tightly.
>”If this is what you want, Cassie… Then this is what we’ll do. We’ll make love.” 
>You let out a breath that you didn’t even realize that you were holding in. “We’ll do it… together…”
>You lay her down onto the large bed slowly, not letting her gaze leave yours.
>Her tail flits around nervously and her feet-paws fidget slightly as you slide your hands from behind her back and over her form.
>Cassie was a fairly tall and lanky girl. 
>Not as tall as you, but tall compared to a lot of other canidae women that you knew.
>Her CP didn’t allow her to walk long distances or do much else strenuous physical exercise without becoming unbearably painful. 
>As you take off her hat and unbutton her shirt, she looks away.
>Almost as if she’s ashamed of herself.
>Her ears perk up when she hears your voice.
>”Cassie… You remember the time I told you that I loved you? Back in college?”
>You barely hear a whispered “yes” as a response.
>”Cass, I love you for who you are… For what you are… Because you’re different… Because someone as beautiful and special as you deserves someone far better than me.”
>Tears well up in her eyes as she turns her head back to you.
>”D-don’t y-y-you…. Ever. Say th-that again… You a-are the only person that I want t-to ever... love.”
>You slowly finish unbuttoning her shirt and strip off your own.
>Her hands cover her chest and her voice wavers.
>”C-could you s-strip…. Strip down first?
>You wordlessly reply with a few kisses on the corners of her lips and stand back up.
>You quickly shuck off your jeans and boxers, while the love of your life eyes you up nervously.
>With all honesty you can say that you’re probably fit the unofficial textbook definition of the word “average”.
>You’re not too skinny, not well built. Basic housework keeps you in decent physical condition, at least. Your job as a DOD desk jockey doesn’t get you any extra occupational workouts, and you should probably put that gym membership to good use.
>Cassie stares at you with eyes wide. It’s as if she’s staring at a marble statue of some ancient Greek god.
>Fuck. You weren’t expecting her to be completely enraptured by your bare form. 
>You start to blush. Badly.
>”G-gosh Anon… You l-look good….. A-a-a-are you….. Blushing?”
>You quickly return to the bed, looming over her topless form. Her modest chest rising and falling with every deep breath she takes.
>”Only because it’s you, love.”
>You quickly go to work on taking her pants off as she whines with arousal and trepidation.
>”J-just don’t laugh, o-okay?... You probably already know th-that…. I’m …..different than….. Human women…”
>You press a finger onto her lips and shush her.
>”I know, and I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
>She lets out another classic canine whine as you remove her jean shorts and panties with one smooth slow motion.
>Your wolfess’ lower lips are swollen with arousal.
>Pleasedon’tpassoutpleasedon’tpassoutpleasedon’tpassout
>Somehow you don’t faint from your nerves and you crawl on top of her slowly, peppering kisses up from her thigh to her navel, then up to her collarbone, and finally end up kissing her passionately as your toungues mingle.
>You line your hips with hers, and you can’t help but let out a nervous chuckle. Cassie wraps her arms around you as she feels your shaft pulse against her lower entrance.
>”D-do it, Anon… Make me your lover… Please… We-We’ve both waited so long f-for this…”
>You slowly push yourself inside as she kisses you passionately again, moaning in your mouth as you slowly hilt yourself inside her.
>As your hips meet, she lets out a few huffs.
>”W-We did it, Anon… Y-you’re my mate now. Now a-and forever…”
>Fuck you didn’t expect to be crying in sheer joy right now. You fail to blink back tears and a lump forms at the back of your throat. As you respond in kind.
>"I’ve always loved you Cassie. I’ll love you until the day I die and I swear to God that nothing…. Absolutely nothing… Will keep me from you… I love you so fucking much, Cassie that it hurts”.
>You back up and begin to slowly thrust into her at a methodical pace.
>You lean completely over her and whisper into her ear as you continue your love-making.
>”....Always love you, no matter what… Always be there for you… I am yours and you are mine… We are one, now and forever.



>You feel yourself coming to climax unsurprisingly soon.
>”C-Cassie… I’m about t-to fin-”
>Cassie lifts her legs up and weakly wraps them around your bottom.
>”D-don’t you d-d-dare pull out, Anon… I want your love inside me…”
>Those sweet words of encouragement are all you need as you push yourself against her and empty yourself inside her.
>You swear to God you’ve never came so hard in your life.
>Cassie yips in pleasure as she climaxes in sync with you.
>“Y-yes Anon! It f-feels so good…. You’re…..filling….me...up!”
>As you come down from your post-coital high, you pull out of her and lay next to her on the bed. You pull the covers over the both of y’all.
>Cassie hums appreciatively as you snuggle up to her and wrap your arms around her, letting her be the little spoon.
>And you hear her hum a tune that you both know all too well.



Stars shining bright above you
   Night breezes seem to whisper, I love you
      Birds singin' in the sycamore trees
         Dream a little dream of me~
            Say nighty-night and kiss me
               Just hold me tight and tell me you'll 
               miss me
                  While I'm alone and blue as can be
                     Dream a little dream of me~


Stars fading but I linger on dear
   Still craving your kiss~
      I'm longin' to linger till dawn dear
         Just saying this
            Sweet dreams till sunbeams find you
               Sweet dreams that leave all worries       
               far behind you
                  But in your dreams whatever they be
                     Dream a little dream of me~