Anon-san’s Escort
Part 4.5

The rest of the day passed by in a flash. Shiori and I had finally struck a real rapport, and we burned the rest of the day away chatting and joking and laughing.  The pastoral scenery of Inokashira Park went from gorgeous to breath taking as the dying light passed through the summer trees. 

I stared in awe at the scene before me. I had spent so much time cooped up in my little closet at Sony America's HQ, I had nearly forgotten that the world could be this beautiful. Reaching up to wipe my eyes, I noticed with a chuckle that my hands came back a little wet. I couldn’t tell if it was the sunlight in my eyes or the beautiful display before me, and at that moment it didn’t really matter.

“Anon-san? A-are you okay?”

I looked over, and up to see a big furry paw had been laid on my shoulder, squeezing with tenderness I hadn’t felt in years. I followed to soft black fur up the plump arm, to the face of my date. 

Oh, right. I forgot. The only thing that could be more impossibly beautiful than Inokashira Park by twilight was standing right beside me. The orange glow of the sunset burned like embers on Shiori’s velvety black coat. If before she looked like a fairytale, now she looked like nothing short of an angel. Her lovely face showed concern, her icy blue eyes wide as she searched my face for an answer.

A placed my own firm hand over Shiori’s paw, stroking it tenderly. “I’m better than I’ve ever been, Shiori. Thank you for bringing me here.” I smiled. “And for being here with me.” 

Shiori blushed, a glow that nearly rivaled the glow of the sun on her fur. She crumpled her snout for just a second, then gave me a wry smile. She let go of my shoulder and began to continue down the path. 
“Anon, if you’re trying to sneak another kiss out of me…” She stopped and looked at the ground for a moment. Shiori’s tail began to wag for a moment, but Shiori reached around and hugged it to her chest, smiling back at me. “…you’re on the right track.”  She dropped me a sly wink, and started down the path again, a bit faster than before. 

Because of my shorter legs, I had to break into a bit of a trot to catch up to Shiori, but as soon as I did, I caught her eyes, flashing her a toothy grin. “Why, Miss Shiori, I had no idea you could be so forward! Is it entirely proper for us to carry on like this?” A reached out and gave her a tiny pinch to the side.

“Eep!” Shiori jumped up, nearly smacking me with her tail. 
“Anon-san!” She squeaked, barely even missing a step. I didn’t even have to look to know she was making that precious pouty face. 
“A man from this country would never tease a lady like this on the first date!” Shiori bumped me with her prodigious hip, nearly knocking me clear off the path, but caught me around the shoulders before I could pitch over. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see her eyes sparkling, her pouty snout breaking into a tiny smile. “But I’ll forgive you since you’ve made me so happy today.”

“Huh?” I said. Hugged against her side, half of my face was buried in her melon sized breast. I could feel her heartbeat fluttering just before she let me go. Still a little shy. “Ahem, well, I doubt that you’d let a normal guy stay in your room overnight on the first night after meeting him, either.” I stopped to think for a moment. We were coming to the end of the park, and our date. I snuck a glance at Shiori. She looked concerned. Was she worried about our time together ending? 

Steeling myself to make a move, I took a deep breath. Then, I doffed my hat, reached over, and wrapped an arm around Shiori’s waist.
“You know, Shiori, it’s getting a little late, but our date doesn’t have to end here.”

“Ehh?” Shiori said, tilting her head to the side. 

“If you want, we could go back to your room, eat some pocky, and play more Shadow of the Colossus.” I smiled wide, elbowing her gently in the ribs. 

Shiori put a paw over her mouth and gasped, blushing deep. Her mouth moved, but no words came out. Her toes turned in, and she stared at the ground, clearly taken aback.

As I looked on in confusion, a piece of dating advice I had read that morning suddenly flashed across my mind. ‘Don’t expect to Japanese ladies to invite you in on the first date, and asking them outright is a huge mistake. By asking a girl to let you into your place, you’re basically begging for her to give it up, and that’s not cool in the best of circumstances. She’ll think you’re a jerk at best, and that you consider her a slut at worst. These words echoed across my mind in an instant. I could feel the color drain from my face as I realized what I had just asked Shiori. 

“I…I…I…” She stammered. I stole a glance at her tail, and realized to my horror that it wasn’t wagging. Her ears had lowered onto her head. She looked exactly like a kicked puppy.

“Shiori, I didn’t mean it like that, I don’t-“I was cut off suddenly as a big, soft paw pad on the tip of Shiori’s finger pressed against my lips. Shiori’s blue eyes bored right through me like a breeze in the winter; they left me feeling shocked and cold, despite the warmth of Shiori’s paw, touching my face. Speaking of her paw, it gently brushed my lips as it move over to cup my cheek, joined immediately by its twin on the other side of my face. Shiori’s grip was gentle, but damned strong. 

“Shhh…” Shiori shushed me gently, my apology cut off before I could really start groveling. Her eye lids half lowered, then fluttered, and I couldn’t be sure since our eyes were locked, but I could swear she was panting quietly. Her glare had turned into that sultry stare that I’d only seen briefly this morning. 

“Anon, I would love it if you would come to my room.”

My eyes flew the fuck open at that. I felt like someone had reached into my back and straightened my spine by hand. 

“Shiori, did you just call me…?”

She kissed my lightly on the cheek, and grabbed my hand, already striding in the direction of our train station.  
“Remember how you said that you read up on Japanese dating tips, Anon?” She said as we scrambled a bit to catch our train.

It was amazing to me how just hearing her say my name like that made my heart skip a beat. Shiori barely managed to squeeze her hips through the ticket gate, and I barely managed to keep up with her as she bounded up the station stairs. We managed to push our way into the cramped train car, our bodies mushed together by the crowd. The whole time, my hand never left Shiori’s.

I sighed with bliss as Shiori pulled me against her, my back against her plush belly, the back of my head against her breasts. Her arms slid over my shoulders, hugging me tightly. Her infectious warmth spread through me in an instant, relaxing, and at the same time, arousing me. 

As the train took off, I felt Shiori’s hot breath on my neck, and the weight of her breasts shift as she leaned down. She whispered to me, her fuzzy muzzle tickling my skin. “I read up on some American dating tips on my phone, while you were in the bathroom.” 

My heart started pounding in my chest, the hair on the back of my neck standing up on end. “Shiori…where exactly did that advice come from?” I said, voice trembling.

“Oh, a few different sites.” Shiori said, in a sing-songy voice. “eHarmony, Elitedaily…” She squeezed me softly. I heaved a sigh of relief. Okay, those weren’t exactly the worst case scenarios, right? 

My breath hitched as Shiori’s tailed slid around my waist like a constrictor, dragging me deeper into the warm squishy heaven that was trying to swallow me up. Shiori’s paws, which before now had handled me like a baby chick, suddenly raked their nails up my stomach and chest, not hard enough to hurt, but enough to make a statement. I felt Shiori’s long, wet tongue take a quick, teasing lick at my earlobe. My whole body was tense, coiled like a wound up spring.
When Shiori spoke again, purring in my ear. Her voice was low now, and husky.
“Cosmopolitan…yourTango…”
Shiori squeezed her breasts against me, and I felt her long, wet tongue take a quick, teasing lick at my earlobe. My whole body was tense, coiled like a wound up spring.
"...Playboy." 

<==TO=BE=CONTINUED==