>You sit there, staring back at Ari in silence. Between your encounter earlier today, and the weight of your anxiety pulling you down during your shopping trip, You were exhausted. Exhausted enough that coming home to find her waiting for you dulled your thinking ability.
>From how direct it was, you can tell she had been sitting on this question for awhile, or at least was truly interested in the answer. She wasn’t smiling, either.
>”Excuse me?” You answered, kind of surprised. You were expecting her to ask about you, or what you were up to. Maybe something light to break the ice and make things less awkward. Instead, she jumped straight into a more serious topic.
>”Do I scare you, anon? Make you uncomfortable? Do you dread me coming around, even before today?” Every question she asks feels like she’s creeping closer to you, even if she’s sitting quite still at the other end of your couch. It doesn’t change the fact that it’s as if she’s closing in for the kill.
>You are scared, no doubt. You wouldn’t be so troubled about this situation if you weren’t. This situation, however, has also drained you. How surreal it all is has pushed you over your limit and sometime while you were putting the rice away your survival instincts went on vacation.
>Looking down at the coffee table for a moment, you eventually return your gaze to Ari. Who hasn’t looked away from your face once since you gave her permission to ask questions. Taking a deep breath, you mull over your choice of words, rolling your jaw a moment before looking right at the snow colored feline.

--

>”Yeah, yeah you fucking do.” You huff, shaking your head, “Your ‘nephews’ look like goons, you look like an assassin from a James Bond movie, and anytime I tell someone I live in these apartments someone in earshot stops talking.” Rubbing your face, you continue, “When I asked, out of curiosity mind you, about your husband, I was immediately told to ‘shut up, keep my head low, and pay my rent on time.’”
>So far, Ari looks nonplussed, and you can’t tell if she’s wearing a bullet proof poker face while you rant or if she was expecting this. “No one is willing to be seen talking about you. Every other thing you say comes with an unspoken threat. There are so many red flags around you, you could make a dress out of them.”
>At this point you’re running a hand through your hair as you let off the thoughts that you’ve kept under wraps every since you moved in. Sighing, you grimace as you finally finish your tirade, “Look, Ari. Part of me thinks you’re either part of the mob, a gun runner, or some other crazy ass organized crime nonsense. The only thing keeping me from believing you really are is because those don’t really exist. At least, not in this part of the world. But that doesn’t matter, because you still scare the shit out of me!”
>You throw up your hands and slump back into the futon, causing the cheap metal holding it together to creak as you let out the last of your energy during the finale of your rant. Which likely wasn’t a good way to spend it, as now you’re too tired to really put up a fight as the feline who was putting up with your speech begins crawling over to your side of the couch.

--

>She slips closer, on all fours as she closed the distance. You’re too surprised that she’s moving like that to really try and stop her, and before you know it her hands and claws are digging into your chest as she pulls herself to be face to face with you. One arm wraps around your back, while the other one lays on your chest, hand perched on your shoulder.
>She completely covers you with her body at this point. Her legs have even splayed out the same way as yours, one back onto the couch with the other resting on the floor. If it wasn’t for the fact that her face was right there, you feel like you could look right down her shirt.
>Almost at once she nuzzles into your cheek, purring surprisingly loud for just being accused of being a member of organized crime. You stop being able to comprehend what the hell is going on by the time you feel her rough tongue splay out and lap against your cheek. “And they say humans have dull instincts.” She purrs to herself, amused as she brings herself back to the front of your face.
>”Well, cutie, I’m not sure about starring in a James Bond film, but I’ll take the compliment regardless. But still, about all the other stuff…” She brings a single clawed finger up to your lips, before pressing her own lips against her finger in some bizarre, chaste method of kissing. “Baby, you would do well to never speak so…openly about me when you meet the rest of the family.”
>You open your mouth to say something, maybe about the idea of meeting her ‘family,’ or whether or not you actually were right. Nothing comes out, because she immediately presses her finger down onto your mouth to silence you. “They don’t take it too well when someone speaks poorly about their Auntie, you see.” You can smell the scent of the cigar she was smoking as she lectures you.

--

>Judging by her facial expression though, she isn’t upset at all. In fact, she’s pretty pleased, a glisten in her blue eye as she pulls the finger from between the both of your lips. You’re keenly aware of how close she is, feeling her breath as she exhales. “Still, I like it. Scared, but not scared to let me know how you feel.” She whispers, her free hand reaching up to caress the side of your head. “I could use someone like that. Everyone else is either a yes man or just tries to squirm their way out of giving a solid answer.”
>She huffs in annoyance, looking elsewhere as if imagining a specific person. Then her attention turns back to you, and you have no time to react before she pushes her lips to yours for a sudden kiss. It’s surprisingly pleasant, even if you’ve been a captive audience for what felt like an eternity now. She breaks the kiss, nibbling on your lip as she draws away. It looks like she’s waiting on a reaction, the way her eye is dancing across your face.
>”But…I don’t wanna be in a gang...” Jesus, did you really whimper that out? You don’t know where your voice and bravado from a few minutes ago went, but it’s clear she’s got you on the backfoot. You can see her grin curve up at the bottom of your vision before she leans in for another kiss. Again, not so bad, but you can’t help but squirm as you feel her hand trace from your shoulder to your chest, with no sign of losing momentum.
>The feline pulls herself off of you, arm coming from around to back to rest on your shoulder, while her other hand is now casually flexing and sheathing her claws on your stomach. You feel more than a little trapped as you watch Ari lick her lips. She’s going in for the kill on the next kiss, you can tell. “It’s not a gang, Anon. Just an honorary family.” She purrs, before she raises an eyebrow and her grin suddenly stretches from ear to ear.

--

>You were in the middle of processing what her ‘family’ could be like when your blood goes cold at her grin. Dashing through the possibilities as to what could get her that excited, you immediately check for the one that had her so amused last time, looking down to your crotch. Ari stifles a laugh, “So you did decide to bring your friend along, after all.”
>Never before have you been so upset at your own dick. Never before did you have to accept that fear boners might actually be a real thing. Ari doesn’t seem to mind though as she readjusts herself on top of you. It hardly takes a second before she’s laying on her side next to you, one armed wrapped around your shoulder as her free hand continues to need at your stomach.
>The blonde haired cat continues to stay in control as she lunges at your lips. A rough tongue forces its way in, and you become thoroughly acquainted with the texture as she finds yours. You’re not sure if you imagined it, but you hear someone, maybe even both of you moan within seconds of that contact. You’re kind of too caught up to be aware of little things like that at the moment.
>Ari begins exploring your mouth, and you return the favor by getting to know her muzzle, rolling your tongue against surprisingly sharp teeth as you taste a tinge of the cigar currently burning on your coffee table. It’s not entirely all that bad, nowhere near as bad as kissing someone who was smoking cigarettes. A small voice in your mind is increasingly upset by the notion that you could actually get used to this, but the rest of you has checked out by now.

---

>You wonder if she’s just teasing you and this will just be nothing more than a few kisses you’ll never be able to tell anyone about.That thought is immediately discarded as a feline hand pushes under the brim of your pants. She already knew what she was after. A moment later you feel yourself jump involuntarily as soft furred fingers make their claim and wrap around your cock.
>There wasn’t much room in your pants that wasn’t already taken up by your dick, but she seemed determined to at least jerk you off somewhat in those confines. Claws were thankfully absent for the short strokes she was giving you, but it was enough to coax your dick to full length instead of the restrained size your embarrassment had kept it to.
>That caused Ari to stir, pulling away from the kiss to look at your crotch, trying to guess its size through what she was feeling and some attempt at x-ray vision. She turns back to look at you, her expression one that said she was upset that you had been keeping a secret from her.
>Letting go of your dick, she pulls her hand out of your pants and begins to attack your button and zipper. “We could have saved the serious stuff for pillow talk, when you wouldn’t be so pissy.” She huffs as balances the idea of tearing your clothes off and not injuring her prize. You take this chance to re-position yourself, one hand on the back of the futon while your arm wraps around her lower back.
>You just finish wrapping your arm to her front and are pinching at the brim of her shorts when she finishes pulling down your zipper. She tugs your pants down as best she can without having to pull herself out of your grasp, and you help her out by lifting your hips some so it doesn’t take so much effort. Eventually she gets fed up with that, and her hand drops back into your pants.

--

>It takes a bit of wrangling to pull your cock free, but when it finally does come out and is standing on its own, Ari doesn’t have a comment. Not right away, anyways. Still, she’s purring as she settles back down against you, fingers wrapping around the girth of your shaft before slowly stroking from top to bottom. “You could have just paid your rent with this.” She rumbles.
>”I thought I was paying rent by being arm candy.” You mutter while your hand fumbled with her pants until the button comes free with a ‘click,’ causing the feline’s tail to flick and sway. She hasn’t looked away from your dick yet, but she’s licking her lips again. You get goosebumps at the idea of a feline tongue dragging against your cock.
>”Mmm,” she hums while turning to face you, bumping her nose to yours before nipping at your lips, “I’ll add being real candy to your list of duties, then.” As she speaks, you follow her precedent by shoving your hand down her pants, fingers dipping underneath her panties. A move she responds to by biting her lip and holding her legs open to make room for your invading hand. “Found your courage again?”
>You snort at her taunting, but it’s not like she wanted an answer. If she did, she wouldn’t have shoved her tongue back into your mouth. Ari takes over the heavy lifting of your lurid makeout session, leaving you free to slip your hand further between her legs. You could find her mound in the dark, you realize, following not just her legs but where the fur, as luxurious as it was, began to thin.
>It takes only a few seconds before she shudders in your grasp, your fingers slipping against her clit before sliding across dampening folds. Sex truly must be a primal thing, because it was hard to think about the fact that Ari is no doubt bad for you health when she was grinding against your hand.

--

>Before long, it’s easy to confirm that she was the one that moaned earlier; now that things have gotten more heated, she is definitely vocal about her pleasure. Heavy sighs escape her nose every few seconds, if not interrupted by a gasp whenever your circling fingers stir up against a sensitive spot. At the same time, she isn’t a slouch in the hand job department.
>Rather than simply clench your cock with a fist, she’s changing it up every few strokes. Sometimes she holds her index and middle finger out, dragging it behind the rest of her hand while sinking down your length. Other times it’s her grip she changes, just barely holding onto your dick as she lets her fur do the work of making you squirm.
>Things become heated between the both of you; eventually she stops simply playing with your cock and begins to stroke it in earnest. Rather than work your full length, she alternates between short strokes at the base and tip, even teasing the tip of your cock with her thumb before continuing.
>At the same time, you feel as if she and your fingers are plenty wet enough to go further. She must have guessed what you were about to do, because she lets go of your cock and instead rests her hand on your hip. The kiss breaks in anticipation, and you can hear her breathing heavily as she rests her cheek against yours.
>Your fingers stop their orbiting around her folds, slowing until two of them are perched right at her entrance. The moment you start pushing in, claws immediately dig into your skin, retracting as your fingers sink in. In your ears you hear her gasp, before it turns into an pleased groan of approval.

--

>The claws may have been put away, but you can feel her fingers curl and uncurl as she adjusts. She doesn’t even wait for you to do anything more, licking at your cheek before rolling her hips to stimulate herself with your fingers. You simply go with it, pumping your fingers in and out in time with her movements. It definitely is getting results, as she’s too busy indulging in being fingered to go back to stroking you. Not a bad thing; you would rather play it safe rather than risk someone with claws getting off while holding a handful of your meat.
>Something like that was definitely on the table with how eager Ari was riding your hand. You could tell she was stifling honest moans, choking them back in some attempt to appear restrained. “Nngff god, and I loved these pants, too.” She panted, both of her arms now wrapped around you for support. With how absolutely soaked your hand was, there probably was a sizable stain between her legs, but it definitely wasn’t stopping her.
>You wonder how long it’s been since she had last gotten off for her to be throwing herself at your fingers of all things. It honestly came off a bit desperate, but you weren’t going to stop. Not until she stopped gritting her teeth whenever she moaned. You could hear her breathing become ragged as you prodded and dragged your fingers against the walls of her cunt, and knew you struck gold each time her claws suddenly grabbed onto you.
>Using her reactions in a hot/cold manner, you found a pair of spots to alternate digging your finger tips into. Instead of moans, however, you got her swearing. At you. “Fucking-guh You bastard!” Her growling was far less intimidating than you imagine,d especially since she was beginning to shake against your body.

--

>She couldn’t have been too mad about you playing with those weak spots of hers since she didn’t slow her own movements at all. By now you could hear the wet schlick of your fingers slipping in and out of the feline, who seemed almost desperate to get off on your hand. Forget her pants; you probably were going to have to clean off part of the futon after this.
>Your future chores were sidelined by how harshly Ari’s claws dug into your shoulder, no doubt drawing blood as her legs shot out straight before curling back up, then out again. “Ffffuuuck-fuck-fuck-fuckngghaahn!” She had leaned forward just as she came, and her muzzle was pointed right into your ear. If only you were recording the beautiful sound of her losing it; that made this worth it by itself. She clamps down on your fingers, her already hot body somehow climbing in temperature as you felt a gush of fluid slip past your knuckles.
>Even after the heaviest burst of her orgasm, she wouldn’t stop her hips in their hungry attempt to ride your hand. You could actually feel each wave shake her, and you did your best to work with the spastic feline’s body. Judging by the fact that her claws were refusing to ease up, and her heated gasps and groans kept on for almost a minute, you guess you did a pretty good job dragging out her climax for as long as possible.
>Eventually she slowed down, catching her breath as she eased up on the increasingly familiar death grip she has you on. You’re running out of light as the evening rolls in, but even in the fading gold of the sunset you can tell that she’s satisfied with things so far. Her usual grin is even a bit sloppier than normal as she holds herself against your body, purring quietly now that she’s coming down from the high of her orgasm.

--

>Now that you’re not preoccupied with finger banging your landlord you have plenty of time to catch up to the fact that you’ve been left hanging. You look down at your erection and wondering if you’ll be left high and dry now that Ari has had hers. Something that becomes a real concern as she grunts and sits up, tail swaying back and forth.
>She gently grabs at your wrist and pulls your soaked hand from her pants, which you oblige as she removes your fingers from between her legs and out of her pants as casually as she would end a phone call. For a moment you’re more distracted by your hand; you’ll need a rag before you touch any of your belongings. You wonder if she usually gets that soaked or if you really had just done her a huge favor.
>While you’re busy oogling your soaked hand, Ari gets up and off of the futon, sighing in relief before you hear an ‘wuh-oh’ when she wobbles a bit before standing up straight. Even with the diminishing light, you can see the obvious dark stain at her crotch. You take a moment to pride yourself in the fact that you really did ruin those jeans, and she enjoyed it too much to care.
