be anon
be in love with your current gf, a short black grey wolverine anthro girl named Sirena also formerly known as "Scratch" in high school.
and you are currently holding your short stack of anger back right now from mauling a poor fellow who accidentally bumped into you while walking on the sidewalk.
"Let me go, Anon! I'm going to tear this fuck a new asshole!" growled Sirena while struggling in your arms.
"Calm down Sirena! It was an honest mistake," you say.
"I'm sorry bro it was my bad." says the guy.
"You'll be fucking sorry after I'm finished with you," says Sirena as she bared her claws.
"OK. that's enough" as you reached down and picked her up in your arms like a princess. "Sorry for the inconvenience!" you told the dude as you briskly walked away like you had a furry firecracker in your hands.
"A-Anon! What are you doing?! P-put me down! You know how I feel about being carried!" stammered Sirena.
"I know exactly how you feel. It's the exact reason I do it," you replied. "Have you calmed down now?" as you put her down.
"yea whatever," she says. "I get so worked up when people try to trample on what belongs to me. You need to learn how to stop being such a beta." she scolded.
"I should be fine as long as I have my big strong alpha to protect me" you replied as you brush the strands of black hair from in front of her face. 
"Hmph. That's obvious. I protected your dorky ass ever since high school." she said as she puffed out her chest displaying a cute tuft of cream fur in the middle of her boobs."They used to call me Sirena Scr-" "Scratch I know." you interrupted. "Are you sure I was the real dork in high school? That nickname sounds like some 80s comic book hero." 
"Watch what ya say! You overgrown scratching post!" she spat back as she prodded a pointed semi erected claw finger into your chest. "Looks like you need to learn some manners as well. I'll be sure to give you a thorough lesson later tonight~" she purred. 
"I can't wait for that. But can we spend at least one day without ending in the hospital or in bed all day?" you said as you put your arms around her. 
Today was suppose to be our much needed day out on the town. With our jobs being a 9 to 5 we had barely any time to do anything other than fuck each other into the ground at night. Despite her being 4'8 she was just as aggressive in bed as she was out of bed. Compared to your solid 6 feet it was a glaring difference. She had a height of a kid but a body of a fertility goddess, thighs so thick and soft you could use them as a pillow, boobs so big and round they had to be at least E cups, and a set of hips that looked like it could support the world.  Although others say that she has a lil pudge going on her stomach, you know that she has a lot of strength stored in that tiny body of hers, that only serves as fuel for your raging dick.
Her being a wolverine blessed her with an oily dark grey coat of fur making it smooth and resistant to the cold. Like other wolverine girls, she sports a mask of cream color fur on her face making her look like a stereotypical bandit in the night.
"w-whatever, who needs to go on a stupid date. I already own your ass," she muttered while she stuck in your embrace. 
"I guess you don't want to go to that new restaurant that opened up," you say. 
"The one with the deer burgers!? I heard that the meat they use is fresh and they grind the meat to order!" she excitedly responded.
"Yup. That's the one. Shame I wanted to enjoy a nice walk with my gf while on my way to a new restaurant to spoil her." you say.
"Well what are we waiting for come on!" she said frantically as she started to run off.
"Nope I want to enjoy a nice walk with you. Here." as you extended your hand to call hers.
"R-really with all of this mushy stuff? P-people might think ive gone soft," she mumbled. 
"Is it that bad to hold my hand?" You say. 
" N-N-NO! Its not like that! It just hard to keep m-my cool doing stuff...like...handholding." She stammered.
"It's not gonna kill you." You say while you entwine your fingers with hers.
"And besides I like seeing you cute and flustered like this." You said with a smug grin on your face.
"S-shut up idiot" Sirena says as a blush crawls on her cheeks.
"You know you love it. I can see your tail wagging." You said.
"E-enough. Lets go eat. I want to tear into something right now." she said as you two begin to walk down the street.