Whiskey Kisses 1.3
Feb 23rd, 2020

I did have something. Stubbornness can only delay a lack of resolve for so long.

>Something underneath you crinkles and gives way as your right arm shifts. You make a groggy attempt to roll over but something heavy and surprisingly warm keeps your body from moving. At the same time you can’t feel your other arm.
>In a panic you jerk your head up to see what’s going on. Your brain is still booting up, leaving you only partially functioning as you try to figure out what’s going on. This isn’t your apartment. Why are you on the floor?
>A second attempt to move causes someone to grunt. You look down to see a still sleeping feline woman half tucked underneath your armpit and using your chest as a pillow. That explains why your arm is dead, at least.
>Recalling last night’s events puts your last conscious memory at holding Lake in your arms on the beanbag. Judging by the fact that you’re using your girlfriend as a blanket and how your back has a list of complaints it would like to make, neither of you made it to the bed before passing out.
>You bring your arm back over her, and the still slumbering lynx quietly chuffs in appreciation as she squeezes your chest tighter. It’s followed by grumbling as you do your best to adjust your position so that your head isn’t an inch off the floor.
>Deciding to let Lake sleep for just a little longer, you crane your neck around to find a clock. The lynx doesn’t have a cable box, and if there is a clock on her nightstand you’re on the wrong side of the room. You’re starting to worry at this point.
>From the one window with its curtain left cracked you can tell the sun is starting to rise, but the light that is filtering in still has a dullness to it. The street below is quiet as well; either Old Silverton doesn’t have much traffic or no one is commuting to work on a Saturday morning.
>All you can spot is your phone far out of reach. Well not that far, but a certain someone has you pinned. Instead of abandoning her you do your best to turn back to face Lake.
>Wrapping yourself around her causes her to stir as you get comfortable. Just as you start to close your eyes and see if you can scrounge up a few more minutes of sleep a familiar purr starts to rumble against your chest.
>Lake slowly comes to life, and her hands go from limply holding onto you to searching for someplace to hold you still. With a hand on your shoulder and your back she pushes her face against your chest.
>”Nrrrrr you wake up too early.” She mumbles into your chest. Her claws flex back and forth, testing at the strength of your t-shirt. A few poke through and your skin tingles in the soft, pointed pain of her touch.
>The girl is cute even when complaining, so you don't mind the sensation of being a cat toy. Instead you just stroke at her cheek with your free hand. For a moment she doesn't know which part of you to rub against so she just digs her muzzle in between them.
>”Gotta get up eventually, sleepy head.” You tease her, but now that you're trying to talk your words are being yawned out halfway through. Stealing a glance at the bed that went ignored last night, you wonder if you might be able to sneak in a little more shut eye on something that won't torture your spine.
>”That's dumb.” Lake's quiet grumbling continues. She sighs, resettling into your chest and trying to catch her escaping drowsiness before it leaves her stranded in the waking world.
>You do her best to enable this doomed catnap, but now you're too awake to try the same yourself. Instead when you close your eyes you consider what to do now. Damn, you should have had a game plan ready when you dropped in. Maybe you could take her out to lunch?
>It would have to be someplace halfway decent. Someplace unique.
>Ugh, but if you did that then you would have to rely on her to pick the place instead of taking charge and deciding. Not a romantic move on your part.
>But does it have to be romantic? Lake isn't exactly a wine and roses kind of person, and neither are you.
>Maybe you two could just go to one of her favorite spots and shoot the breeze? Lake has mentioned that she would love to give you a tour of Silverton one day.
>She did say the Festival District was pretty, right?
>That wouldn't be such a bad date.
>Doubt lingers on that idea, but you can't put a finger on it.
>Your phone buzzes from a text and you are reminded of the reality outside of Lake's bedroom.
>Maybe you shouldn't take your girlfriend to the Festival District, what with the medieval castles and constant metal concerts destroying the mood.
>You turn your head to look at your phone, but you can't see what's on the lit screen from this angle.
>It'll wait, whatever it is.
>Lake sniffs in unknowing agreement and earns herself a caress against her cheek that causes a smile to grow on her face. 
>Her grip tightens on you this time sans feline claws and the purring begins again in greater volume.
>The two of you lay still, Lake doing her best to sit still while you run your finger through her golden fur.
>”Pretty kitty,” You whisper and the lynx bites her lip underneath the praise.
>Turning onto your side, you lay facing with Lake. Her hazel eyes open to look into yours for a moment before she wriggles up the beanbag until she is face to face with you.
>Like it was magnetized, her wet feline nose is pressed to yours causing you both to giggle like children.
>Being the smooth operator you are, you press in for a kiss.
>Lake ducks it only to nuzzle against your neck, “Nuh-uh, morning breath.” She teases while kissing at your neck, “Not with that stank.”
>You would respond, but her kisses turns into licks and having a feline's tongue rolling against your neck is...an experience for sure.
>It's only a split second before goosebumps rise from your skin. It doesn't keep Lake from giving a once over to any patch of bare skin she can easily reach.
>She stops eventually, laughing at herself as she wraps her arms around you. You return the hug, and all is right in the world.
>Until your stomach rumbles with a harshness that causes the cat on top of you to chirp in concern.
>”What the hell was that?” Lake asks.
>”The sound of a man who's last meal was gas station jerky.” You admit.
>She sighs, shaking her head. “Men.”
>”I was a man on a mission.” You defend yourself in the face of your own rumbling stomach.
>”Dummy.” Lake says with a tut as she dives against your collar again.
>A smile crawls onto your face as she sighs and the two of you begin to relax.
>You debate enduring your stomach's complaints just so you don't have to disturb the feline. It's an honorable pain.
>You get five seconds of this blissful peace before you phone starts to lose its mind.
>Three text messages land back to back, each with their own unique alert tone.
>Jared. Jacq. Ein. In that order.
>Lake grumbles as she turns her head to glare at your phone. With a huff she pushes up from you, placing both of her hands onto your chest.
>The lynx arches her back and curves the entirety of her body. You can feel her legs lift and kick against the beanbag, hearing the soft pat of struck canvas before the drizzle of settling beans.
>Her fingers curl up against her palms before splaying out and digging a full set of claws into your shirt.
>You don't notice this at first since your girlfriend is shoving her chest into your face. Given her oversized shirt, the collar hangs loose and gives you a straight shot down her body.
>She dips and curls inwards, pressing her cheek against your chest as she pops her back and raises her rump into the air before collapsing back against you to kick out her legs again.
>”Done?” You ask in a half tease as Lake crawls back up until she's nuzzling into your neck again.
>”Mmn.” She grumbles again while sniffing at your neck, still slick from her tonguebath. “One more.”
>Straddling you as she sits up on her knees, the lynx lifted herself up while yawning and reaching towards the ceiling claws flexing.
>She drops herself down and the few inches of space was enough to force a cough as she lands on your waist.
>”Rude.” Lake says with a small pout as you grab at her waist in an attempt to help her balance as she wobbles on top of you.
>You start to give a sheepish apology when your phone starts to ring.
>The both of you look to it as Jared's ring tone begins blaring.
>You make a half assed attempt to reach for it, but you're a few inches shy and have a lynx on top of you. That phone is staying where it is and Jared can wait until Lake sets you free.
>”Do you need to-” Lake starts before you cut her off.
>”I guarantee you whatever it is it can wait.” You don't feel like explaining Jared's nosey ass behavior right now.
>Jared's call goes to voicemail for a few seconds but he chooses to hang up instead of leaving a message.
>”Told you.” You saw as you sit up to join her, wrapping your arms around her lower back. You find yourself nosing for a kiss but instead catch a gentle cat paw to the nose.
>”Stink. Breath.” She reminds you with an amused smile, “I wanna smooch too, but you gotta brush your teeth.”
>Your desire for affection is being hindered by your hygiene. You take this chance to use a page from her book to stuff your nose underneath her chin.
>It takes a bit of effort given the height difference so you have to push Lake back some to get down there.
>She chirps as she is pushed before gasping and melting into a purr as you make an attempt to mimic her movements.
>The cat wraps her arms around you as she lifts herself up to make things easier for you.
>You've never taken the time to notice just how soft she is; at first you did this just to be sweet, but now you're just indulging in the silken fur.
>She smells woodsy. The scent reminds you of a handful of pine leaves – earthy but reinvigorating. 
>Her hands reach up to pat at your head, pushing you into her collar as her breathy purring fills your ear.
>Now you want to do more than just rub you face into the cat's fur. Your hand were grasping as the edge of her shirt until she sat up and let them grasp at her exposed body. It was only natural that you grabbed handfuls of lynx.
>”H-hey.” She starts to complain in embarrassment as you squeeze at her sides, but you kiss the side of her neck to assure her that you love every bit of her.
>It does make her less self-conscious as she relaxes back into your lap after jumping at your touch.
