Bonepaw Gang (HMOFA, WIP)
Tuesday 9th of July 2019 08:34:33 PM CDT

Darkness. All you see around you is pitch black darkness — a burning agony pulses through your body. Yellow eyes were peering at you through the black void.  You don’t like this. You don’t like the dark. It’s cold and lonely. And all it does is remind you of that thing.

It's watching you. Making your skin crawl from fear. It knows that you are there. It bides it’s time, waiting for you to make a mistake. That same devilish voice beckons out to you in mind.

“Why did you have to run away? We were having fun, weren’t we? I thought we understood each other?" the voice said with melancholy. "BUT YOU HAD TO RUIN IT!"

You shrink back in fear from the thundering shout. Legs turning into jelly you fall to the ground. "I-I-I didn't mean to r-run." you chattered through your teeth. Fresh hot tears streak down your cheeks

“Are you scared? Why? You were so brave before. Maybe you know in your bones that you have been naughty?” The voice says to you with irritation. "Naughty! Naughty! Naughty! Naughty boys get the punishment!" you hear the voice start to breathe erotically. "It...will hurt, but it will make sure you will never run away again.” Dread fills your body in an instant. Horrors of past punishments scatter across your mind.

“Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! I’m sorry I won’t do it again! No more punishments please.” you curl up trying to hide away from the bloodcurdling eyes in front of you.

You feel something cold and long squeeze around your throat. It lifts your body from the ground. Having trouble breathing, you begin to squirm around, hoping to shake free from the grasp that it has on your neck. To no avail, it gets tighter than before. You feel warm liquid flow from between your legs.

“Rules are rules. You broke them, and your punishment awaits. No one can save you from this.”  the rough disembodied voice scolds.
Your head starts to feel dizzy, and you let your body fall limp. You can’t endure another second without air. It hurts so bad. You don't like pain. You want it to stop.

“You dug your own grave boy. Now lay in it.”

“NOOO!” you screamed as you jumped awake in your bed. Looking around, you realized that you were alive and still in your room. Drenched in sweat and scared as hell but alive none the less.  Looking over to the desk next to your bed, you see the numbers  “4:30” displayed electronically on your white alarm clock.

You hear footsteps run towards your door before it bursts open, and a tall middle age man runs in your room.

“Anon! Are you ok?!” he says as he rushed over to your bed.

“Yea. I’m fine, dad. Just another nightmare.” you say as you try to calm him down.

“Are you sure?”

“Yea. The nightlight just went out that’s all.” you pointed to the dim flickering nightlight in the corner of the room. 

“Dam cheap things. The new one your mom ordered should be here tomorrow.” your dad said as he fiddled with the small appliance.

Wiping the sweat from your brow, you feel your scars on your arms and chest flare up in pain. Wincing at the touch, you reach for the pills on your small desk. Popping the cap, you pour the little green pill into your hand before popping it in your mouth.

“Ugh” you groaned as you got out of bed.

“They acting up again? Need me to call the doctor?” your dad said worriedly as he looked at your old wounds.

“Just a little flare up. It’s fine,” you assured him.

“Listen if you don’t want to do this school thing I understand. You might not be ready for it.”

Today is suppose to be your first day back to school. Having been homeschooled for most of your life, you didn’t want to miss the last chance at a high school experience that the movies and TV shows been clamoring about. You guess that he thinks you are getting nervous about the whole thing. Honestly, he was right. You were a bit nervous, but you have to grow up someday.

“No. I’m fine, dad. I’m actually pretty excited about this,” you say trying to convince yourself.

He walks over to you before embracing you in a one arm hug. “If anything is bothering you, and I mean ANYTHING, come to your mother or me. We will do something about it. Just don’t give up on us. I don’t think your mother can take another scare. And I am sure I would blame myself as well.”

“I will, dad. Mr.Grassburn gave the green light to go back to school anyways. Besides, I owe you and mom for so many things you’ve done for me. I won’t throw it away.” you said dismally as you hugged him back.

“STOP THAT! How many times have we told you that you don’t owe us anything? We do this because we love you, Anon. Not because we want something back from you.” he scolds you.

Ah. You disappointed him again. You always do that. He and mom do so much for you, and all you can do is give him is disappointment in return. You know that he wants a normal son. He has that look in his eyes. That tired look. One he can go to sports games with. One he can go fishing or hike with. Or one that he can be proud of. All he has is this sick, crazy son who can’t get over his fear of the dark.

“Sorry,” you muttered while hanging your head low.

It feels like that’s the only word you could say lately.

You hear him sigh. “Listen, I could use some breakfast. How about you get ready for school and cook me some of your famous waffles.”

“Sure!” you say practically eager to jump at a chance to show off your skills.

Ever since you were homeschooled, you made use of your extra time to learn how to do work around the house. At first, it was to prove that you weren’t a complete waste of space, but then it turned into a hobby you enjoyed. It was an excellent way to make people smile too. Things are much better when you are happy.

Way better than living in the >dark. 

Watching your father leave the dimly lit room, you decided to get ready to go to school. School was a monster you feared in the past, but now you yearn to tackle the beast head first.

Walking up to the full body mirror you have in your room, you take a good look at yourself in the mirror. Rubbing underneath your eyelids, you feel little sags under your eyes. Looks like the bags have almost gone away. Your nightmares didn’t keep you up that often anymore. You only have them every other week now. Only if you fall asleep in a well-lit room...anyways they are practically nonexistent.

Sticking your fingers to the sides of your mouth, you pull them upwards in a creepy looking smile. 

“Ugh I am one ugly bastard,” you said to yourself.

Might as well take a shower and get rid of this sweat. Taking off your sticky drenched nightwear your body is exposed to the room’s humid air. Looking at your body in the mirror, you feel the bile rise in your throat. Numerous scars littered your wrist. A sizeable jagged scar stretched from your chest all the way down to your stomach. 

>Disgusting.

Every time you look at these scars, they remind you of your weakness. Most of all, they remind you of 
>him.

You can’t keep thinking about this. You have to move forward. Always forward. Never look back. Keep those evil thoughts away. You kinda wish you had one of those best friends you always see in those TV shows. To tell all your problems too. 

But your problems are way more disgusting than those on TV. They might scare people away. You think that would hurt most of all. You have to keep this to yourself. Lock it away and throw away the key.

“Shower time.” you remind yourself as you shuffled over to the bathroom.

----------
“Have a good day at school, honey.” a sweet, caring tone says to you with love.
“Thanks, mom. I’m going to be late if I don’t leave now,” you said, getting out of the car.
“Alright, son, I love you. I’ll be here to pick you up at 3.”
“Love you too, mom.” 

Checking to make sure your sleeves are covering your arms properly, you make your way down the sidewalk.

“Come on!” you said hurriedly as you run into the old school doors. “Oww,” you groaned rubbing your sweaty face from the abrupt make out session you had with the doorway. Flashing down the long, empty hallway, you looked for the main office to get directions to your first class.

“Ah, there it is!” you exclaimed. 

Entering the main office, you ask the sleepy looking sheep secretary about the location of your first class.”Excuse me, ma’am. Do you know where Mr. Carbuckle class is?” you say hastily but respectful manner.

The white colored sheep woman looks at you with a flat expression. “The science teacher?”
“Yes, ma'am.”
“Follow that hall, take a left and walk until you see room 106,” she said, pulling out a blue slip of paper and writing on it. “Take this, and you won’t be marked as late.”

“Thank you very much,” you said with a smile.

“Anytime, sweetheart. I love it when young men act so respectful,” she says, breaking her stony guise with a warming smirk.

Taking the pass from her hand, you thank her again before moving onward to your class. The faculty here is so lovely. This is already putting ease on your first day jitters.

Dull gray colored lockers lined the empty halls as you rushed towards your next class. Your eyes catch a glance at a jarring piece of artwork plastered over 4 lockers. Well, it wasn’t really an artwork, more like graffiti because it was drawn on school property, but it was still pretty cool though. Series of unknown paw prints lined the lockers as they were the same kind of impression but in different size and color. With the words ‘Bone Paw Gang’ written above the prints.

Although you thought it was wrong to write on public property, the gang name and logo sounds pretty fucking cool. Like one of those raider gangs, you see in those open world video games.

Moving closer to the graffiti, you start touching each of the sprayed paw prints. They kinda look like a tiger or dogs, but you remember that most of animal paw prints similar to one another. 
Looking closer you realize the pattern looks like a mix...hyena? Yea, it kinda looks like a hyena print.
So the Bone paw gang is a bunch of hyenas? Interesting.
Shit! That’s right, you are late for class.

Taking a left at the hall, the secretary told you to turn you began searching for room 106. “103...104..105..Oh, here it is 106.” Staring at the silver chromed handle you mull over the possible scenarios to effectively knock this introduction out of the park. Go in and introduce yourself. Speak loud and clearly. And most off all smile. 

After giving yourself a good pep talk, you walk into the classroom with a confident stride. Entering the noisy room, you see a middle-aged mole rat wearing a black oval shaped glasses sitting at his cluttered desk with his head in his hand like he has a splitting headache. He turns to you with a hopeless look.

“Is school over already? Please tell me it’s over. I can’t deal with this nonsense this early in the morning.” Mr. Carbuckle says with a brightening face filled with hope

“Uh, no, sir. I am a new student here, and this is was my first class on my schedule,” you said as you watch his anticipation vanish in thin air.

“Oh, a new student. How wonderful,”  he said sarcastically. “Go ahead and introduce yourself to the class.”

Turning to the students sitting in their desks, you see tons of eyes staring you down like you are some sort of freak show. You feel your hands get sweaty from the mounting pressure of the crowd focusing on you.

“What is that?” said a grey wolf boy.
“Isn’t that one of those hoomans?” said a scaly forest green colored newt girl.
“That’s one of them pokemans ain’t it?” said a white horse with a flowing blonde mane and a country sounding accent.
“No, that’s a Humon.” said a black crow girl arrogantly.

“Hello. My name is An-wahn,” you mumbled as you bit your tongue. Pulling your hand over your mouth from the sharp pain you awkwardly stand there.

All of a sudden, the classroom erupts into laughter. You feel you face light on fire from messing up your own name in front of so many people. Ah, man, I fucked up. Seeing an open seat at the back corner of the classroom, you scurry over to hide from this embarrassing moment.

“Why the fuck is it so loud?!” you hear a loud voice yell out. Shutting up the laughter and the chatter completely.

Looking over to where the sound came from, you realize it’s a tomboy looking girl with a shirt over her eyes. You say tomboy because she was wearing black polyester sweat pants and a pair of well worn brown running shoes. That’s what most tomboys wear in those mangas you read right? And besides that, you can’t get a really good look at her head. However, with her feet reclining up on the desk she looked like she was trying--no telling everyone that she is the boss here.

Ripping the shirt off her head, she sits up to look around the classroom until she finds you staring at her. Realizing that she was a hyena girl from the deep brown colored fur with creamy underbelly and the traditional black spots covering areas of her body and face. You are surprised that she can even see you with that hairstyle. She had a wild wave of light blonde curly front bangs that covered both of her eyes. Her hairstyle reminded you of those female bullies in those old cartoons. 

(Reference pic for hairstyle because I suck at describing. https://imgur.com/a/slf9vQ3 NSFW)

Shoot! She will catch the wrong idea if you stare at her for too long. Breaking eye contact from the tomboy, you try to find something else that can catch your attention. However, she can feel her eyes staring at you.

“Who is that?” the blonde headed hyena said, grabbing the scruff of the grey wolf boy neighboring her.

“I-It’s the new kid. A hooman he said he was.” he managed to say through her hold.

Tossing him aside, she gets up from her seat to make her way towards where you are sitting. Your neighbor, a small midnight black cat girl, saw the incoming hyena and quickly got out of her seat. The hyena girl then takes the desk and drags it next to yours with a loud screeching sound.

Sitting down next to you, she turns her body towards you with a toothy smile.

“Hiya.”

“O-oh hey there.”

“Heard you were new here.”

“Uh yea it’s my first day at this school.” you forced a small chuckle from your lips.

“That makes sense. I would have definitely remembered someone like you,” she said, playing with her black lips.

That was a compliment. Well, you think it was anyway. This is the first person that came up to you on their own accord. You are going to try to become her friend. This was a god given gift for you.

“Thank you. I guess I am pretty unique looking I imagine.”

“Nah, you are pretty hot dude.”

It takes you a while before full processing what she said. You feel your face burn red hot from that comment. You are one hundred percent confident that was a compliment. Heh, that rhymed. More importantly, how do you respond to that? Should you compliment her back?  All of a sudden, you find your fingers more interesting right now.

“Hehe, that’s so cute.” you look over to see her pull her blonde bangs from her eyes. Revealing two orbs of different colors. They are breathtaking. Her right eye is a piercing light blue, and her left eye is shining color of emerald. Does she have heterochromia? That’s so cool.

“You have beautiful eyes,” you say seriously while making eye contact with her.

The two of you exchanged glanced for a while in awkward silence. Was that creepy? You aren’t good at these sorts of things. Boundaries and knowing what to say at the right time most;y.

You see her ebony lips creep into a grin which shows her contrasting white sharp teeth. She arranges her hair back in front of her face to hide those odd color eyes that she has. 

“Really? You are the first one who's ever told me that,” she said chortles.

“Hey! I told you that I like your eyes all the time! What gives!?” said a hyena boy in the 3rd row.

She turns to him with a growl, “Shut your mouth before I pull your tongue through your ass.”  With a potent threat that she seems can make happen scared the boy into silence. “Anyways...” she says as her voice returns to an average pitch.

Before she could finish speaking, you hear a faint vibration and a rockish jingle coming from her bag. 

“Fuck I can’t catch a break today can I?” she says as you watch her pull her phone out.

She must be really popular around here. Everyone in the classroom seems to be on edge since she woke up. You wonder why that is. Letting out a sigh, you turn your head to look out the window outside. The sun is just coming to peek out of the clouds shining down upon the football field. Looks like it’s going to be a sunny day today.  Good.

Feels like you are doing pretty good for your first day of school. Kinda reminds you of elementary school. Just with a bigger classroom and no nao time.

“My name is Rebekah by the way. You can just call me Becca though,” she said as she flicked her eyes with glee. “What's your name?”

Realizing she must have finished up on you turn back to her. “My name is Anon,” you said. Great, you didn’t mess up that time.

“Anon?” she said as if it was a name of some supernatural apparition. Her eyes were perked up and the hair on her body. Maybe if you could see them, her eyes would be wide as well.

“Yea. Is that a weird name too? “ You never seem to realize how ‘eccentric’ you were from other people. Since you are a human, it’s a given that you look different, but my name can’t also be that weird. Right?

“No, no. It’s a fine name,” she said as if she recovered from her state of shock. “Um, Anon. Do you have your schedule? I want to see if we have more classes together.”

Pulling out a neatly folded paper from your pocket, you pass the sheet to her. 

She takes it from you and proceeds to find any similarities between the classes you take. With a frown, she tells you that you don’t have any more classes together, but the two of you can meet up for lunch.

“I have to go do something, Anon. We can meet at lunch, though. Come find me.”

“Okay!” you practically shout out from happiness.

She gets up from the desk to grab her bag and walk out of the classroom. You can’t help but look at her tail swings in a hypnotizing rhythm.  You are obviously talking about her hyena tail. N-Not her actual butt. Even though that was pretty nice too.

But boy, are you relieved. You think you have made a friend on your first day and you have someone to wat lunch with. You are so fucking lucky today. Most of the time, finding people to sit with on your first day of school is awkward and embarrassing, but you already have taken care of that within the first hour of school.

You might be better at this than you thought.

Pulling out your notebook, you began to doodle to keep you from thinking so much. Don’t want to ruin your mojo so far with bad juju. 

Your mind goes back to the graffiti that you saw earlier today in the hall. It was really vibrant and imposing yet had a sense of wildness in it. Like a looking at a lion or a gorilla up close. Very pretty from afar but at a certain distance it gives off a savage aura. 

It’s quite the well-designed piece of work. You would love to meet the artist one day. They obviously have some deep insight about emotions and how to display them to others in a meaningful way.

A small shrill metal bell echoed throughout the school. Must be time to switch classes. Looking at your class sheet, you realized that you have history next. 

“Thank god. It’s finally over.” Mr. Carbuckle sighs in relief.

Packing your stuff up you make your way over to the door, however before you can pass the door a furry leg placed between you and the way out.

“Hold on there, pal.” a mangy looking hyena boy said to you. 

Well...mangy is a rude and harsh word. Let’s just say he is wild looking. The hair on the top of his head looks like it hasn’t been washed in days and his eyes have these on edge look to them. He is also missing a tooth on the side of his mouth. You know that look anywhere, he’s worried about something.

“What’s wrong?” you asked politely to make up for that harsh judgment you made of him in your head.

“Was just wondering about you and Becca was talking about.”

“Oh,” you feel a faint blush rise on your cheeks.” We just talked about our classes and stuff.”

“Is that so? Well, It looked like the two of you were getting pretty chummy over there. Just want you to know that she does that with a lot of guys.”

You feel the small spark of hope in your heart die out. “O-Oh. Really?” Figured that it was too good to be true. Why would a random hot girl approach you and say that she thinks you are cute.

The hyena boy puts on an apologetic expression. Well, you think it’s regretful. Hard to tell sometimes with his face being fucked up.

“Yea bro. I just want to tell you before you get hurt. I think she even has a boyfriend already. A much older one at that. If I were you, I would stay away from that sack of crazy.” he chuckles to himself.

You wouldn't go as far and call her crazy. She might have flirted with you a bit dishonestly, but you still consider her your friend. This is a topic you should talk to her in person about.  You should at least get the name of the guy who warned you.

“Thanks. What was your name again, friend?”

“Uh...It’s Eric. But my friends call me Rick.” he says as his eyes fidget around the room.

Why is he so nervous about telling you his name? Well...it’s not like you are in any place to talk about being scared of stuff.

He puts his leg down and runs off down the hallway. You still think he’s hiding something, but it’s best not to push people on stuff they aren't willing to tell you. Oh shit, I should get to class. The last teacher didn’t care much about being late but the next one might!