A New King [m;pov][lioness][harem][virgin][milf]

"Puurrrr~fect Mr. Anders..." says the oldest lion of the pride. The other, younger, lionesses share a collective look of shock as I stand blood soaked and triumphant over the sprawled and dismembered corpse of the Lion, with a deep sigh of release I fall to my knees exhausted, the pride is mine at long last. A clawed hand raises my chin and the head lioness puts a cup of something to my mouth, the singe of alcohol and sourness of fermented grape. The red wine that misses my open mouth mixes with the both bloods on my chest forming a scarlet soup of sanguinary success. After the cup is lifted from my mouth a set of lips arrives, a long deep kiss of a matured woman who knows exactly what she wants, the twisting of tongues like mating snakes and equilibrium of breath all a mere appetizer of the coming night's main course. A long wet tongue beings to move up my arm starting at the hand, soon mirrored on the other side, withing a few moments more than a dozen tongues are lapping at every facet of my torn body, my back, my fingers, my thighs, all are fair game to these women. The kiss ends and I am lowered into four sets of arms with a slow controlling push, of whom take you to the home of the late king. I am laid onto a bed and then laid on by a blanket of fur covered women, and with it fall to sleep. When I wake I am bandaged and full of energy, and at the foot of my bed is my tattered uniform, sword sheathed, and a small army of lionesses sit. The eldest among them stares in a tanner coat a set of claw shape scars across her left breast and right hip, a motherly yet seductive smile strewn across her face. "Sorry for egging on Mr. Anders, but Kalzi'Du had well overstayed his welcome here, we were already looking for a new Haa'na when we found you, lost, tired, and clearly a warrior. I kept you under the watch of Kalzi'Du while you grew stronger and in exchange I forced you to kill him, not for you, but for me~..." She moves to all fours and begins to crawl towards you. Each movement of her hands twists the cotton sheets, her fellow lionesses watch on in awe, as she places her head between my legs, her tongue flipping between each of my inner thighs as they move up. With a swift movement of her head she flicks my loincloth onto your chest. "Oh." She gasps, "Not aroused yet?" she purrs. She moves her head over to my limp phallus, with a set playful licks she drags my manhood up, it growing larger and harder every moment, after it reaches its full size. After licking her lustful smile she places her lips on the tip of my manhood, spiraling her tongue as she moves slowly down. Her tongue locks to the bottom of her mouth as she reaches my shaft and with a sudden movement she nearly slams her head onto your pelvis, and just before presses her nose gently onto your stomach moving her tongue left and right on the underside of your throbbing cock. A few seconds later she begins to bob her head ever so slightly, but ever so slightly increasing in the distance she went back, the electric pings of pleasure increasing in kind. Every stroke ends with the slightly cool touch of her nose on my torso. As she reaches the point where just my manhood's head is still beyond her lips I notice the slowed whip motions of her black tufted tail. Each moment the pleasure increases, the feeling nearly filling my mind. A purr, and an entirely new feeling overtakes you and the vibrations finally push you over the edge. The purr transitions into a satisfied moan, and with a loud gulp she lets my manhood drops from her mouth. "Tasty and virile Mr. Anders~" her sizable breasts being released from the pressure of her muscular body. I begin to sit up against the wall as she turns around her inviting nether regions growing farther and farther away, she rises still on her knees to whisper into the youngest lioness's ear. She looks embarrassed and a protesting whisper of "Mom!" can be heard, before she nervously approaches you. Her breasts are smaller, but noticeable still, her tail is drooped between her legs and she leans right up to your head, pausing inches from your lips. She's bright red in the face. Her mother calls to her "Nala! Welcome the new king, please.", "Mom! Give me a moment please, this is my first kiss after all...". In another moment of awkwardness I speak up "She's fine Ma'am, I'd have something to eat than force a maiden to do something against her will.". The head lioness looks a tad annoyed but leans over to the two next most junior lionesses, Nati, Luni, please bring Mr. Anders something to drink and some fruit and meat, her demand is met with "Yes Kalti." before leaving the room. Nala whispers a thanks before crawls back to the foot of the bed her tight clothing of leather leaving little to the imagination, I note a much tighter butt on Nala over her mother. The meal is great, dried game meat, oranges, and figs are served in bed.