> Be Anon
> You’re 20 years old and six foot one. and although you’re not half bad looking, you certainly didnt win the genetic lottery. 
> For about a few months now, you’ve been going to college for graphic design, in hopes of getting into the lucrative business of advertising. 
> It's been an uneventful year. Most of the time spent out of class is at your desk, doing homework, or doing chores your roommate doesn't bother with. You’ve never risked a good grade over a night drinking. 
> So to your surprise, on a windy October day, a Senior girl asked you out on a date.
> Her name was Petunia Roth. She found you cute, and was wondering if you’d help her study. 
> Of course you said you would. The subject was “artists history” and lucky for that rat it was your favorite school subject.
> Oh, did you forget to mention the fact she’s a Five-foot four anthropomorphic rat? With green eyes as big as dinner plates and a tail with a mind of its own? 
> Although not common, anthro animals were a growing minority, and with the 60s had gained equal rights with humans in the good ole’ US of A. 

 > Eventually, your study sessions became frequent enough that there was a hint of intimacy. You could hold hands and even exchange hugs by the middle of November. 
> You even got to meet her (adoptive) parents. They adored you, and had thought of you as a second child.
> By December, not a Seminar A would go by without Petunia by your side, a handful of books and homework due within the hour. 
> It was on Christmas eve that you and Petunia had been invited to a party across town.
> When she arrived to pick you up, it was twenty minutes later than the agreed time. And in her friend’s VW beetle. She didn't text you about the sudden transportation change, but you were too happy to notice. 
> The car was packed with Petunia’s friends. You passed the time with small talk about the weather or what was on netflix, not noticing how distant Petunia was being. 
> You paid no mind, figuring it was..you know...that time of the month.
> To the sound of Chuck Berry’s “Run run Rudolph” you had arrived at the party, beginning the night strong. There was much holiday cheer when you opened that door for Petunia and her possy.
> It seemed like the night was going to be your best.
> And then..
> She dumped you. 

> It's 9pm, roughly an hour after you had arrived
> You’re sitting, alone, four stories up on a snow-covered flight of stairs in the back of a five-storie apartment complex.
>Windows around you, bright with electric candles, vibrate to the sound of christmas carols and drunken laughter. 
> Snow flutters around you and dances to the occasional gust of wind. The cold, night air is giving you a wheeze. Truly this night is one of your worst. 
> You sneeze. Wiping the gooey snot off your upper lip with the woollen sleeve of your sweater, you consider your options.
> Going back in there means risking your pride for another chance at having fun. Maybe find a group which would be accepting of you, and then later on get a ride with. 
> Calling an uber and meeting it at the end of the alley would probably be the best choice. Uneventful, it meant you get to go back to the peaceful and warm humble abode of a dorm in which you inhabited. 
> Finally, you could just jump over the railing and kill yourself. That’ll make Petunia regret breaking up with you, fo’ sure. 
> Peering over the railing, you decide it wouldn’t be very polite to smatter some stranger’s alleyway with your innards. 

> Seeing as you were a total stranger to most of the people in the building ( and to the rest, worst ) that leaves but one option.
> As you pull out your phone, the din of the party becomes a roar with the sudden creak of the screen door behind you. 
> Something sharp bumps into your back. 
> With a jolt you yelp, your phone tumbling out of your hand, through the bars of the stairs and down to the concrete below. All you can do is watch as your phone shatters into a million pieces.
> As you are preoccupied, you don't notice the hubbub of the party return to its background-noise levels. Or the newly audible sound of someone crying.

> A shadow creeps over you as the sound of boots stepping on the metal platform echoes through the darkness. 
> You turn, angry, not expecting to see a tall anthro Clydesdale horse.
> It was coated with white fur and long black hair, which started from the top of its head around the ears down to its fleece. The fleece was tight around the chest.
> “Oh great” you think. “Just what you need; another woman in your life.” 
> You vaguely remember Petunia (or one of her friends) gossiping about some potheaded horse once or twice. 
> Something along the lines of “Cranny” or “Carny”, you fuzzily remember. 
“Excuse me!” You grunt, still pissed off, although coming off as more polite then you had wanted.
> “Oh” she sniffles. “Sorry.” 
> You grumble something along the lines of “you better be” before looking over the railing at the shattered remains of your phone. 

> Having gone through enough anger this night, you skipped bargaining and went straight to a depressive acceptance of the matter at hand. 
> Your phone was destroyed. Now you have no choice but to seek a ride from another party goer.
> Looking behind you, the equine lady seemed out of place. She was shivering, breathing erratically, and on top of all that her eyes were red with thears. 
> Then you realize why.
> She didn't have any pants.
> Rather, a pair of khaki shorts. And no ankle warmers either, just red ribbons tied in bows around her ankles. 
> “At least she has big thighs” you think looking her over.
> Then your eyes meet.
> Her shivering stops.
> She seems to stop crying as well.
> There would be an awkward silence if it weren't for the fact the party still sounded in the background. 
> Eventually, she decides to speak first.
> “Does this staircase have room for one more?”
> You blink, and then having finally understood what she meant, you slide over. 
> “Thanks” she says, squeezing between you and the railing. 

> Silence once more. You’re the one to break it this time.
“Is it smart to be sitting on these cold stairs without any pants?” You use this inquiry as a reason to look her over once more. 
> “No. But i didn't think i’d be outside tonight.” She wipes mascara off with her sleeve. “Or be single.” 
“Tell me about it.” 
> She looks at you with a smirk. “Really?”
“It's just a saying.” 
> You were curious, admittedly, but really weren't in that much of a mood to talk about relationships.
> She blows air out of her nose and looks around. 
> “Yeah, i guess it isn't very polite to dump my...uh…” she waves her hand around before slapping her knee. “‘relationship drama’ on you without even knowing your name.” 
“Anon.”
> “Nice to meet you anon. I’m-”
“Carny?”
> She seems taken back by your interruption. Quickly straightening her back in an attempt to seem composed she coughs a “yeah” before looking to the opposite of you.
> “Oh great.” your conscience chimes in. In an attempt to not seem like an asshole, you apologize profusely. 
> “Its okay. It's just…” She scratches the back of her neck. “The nickname he gave me.” 

“Your boyfriend?” 
> “Yeah, my ex.”
> Sighing, you decide to bite the bait. After all, maybe after listening to her pity party she’ll give you a ride. 
“What’d he do?” you sigh. 
> “Dumped me.” she angrily states. Then, with a deep breath; “He-he said i was ‘too eccentric.’”
> Quickly standing up, she sputters “What the fuck does that even mean? Is there something wrong with grabbing life by the balls?”
> She's asking how her boyfriend would call her eccentric, when she’s spouting quotes like that?
> Emotionally exhausted, the horse girl quickly sits back down and begins crying again.
> You pat her on the shoulder, but she hugs you close. Sobbing into your neck, it takes a while for to compose herself. When she’s back to sniffling like before, she clears her throat. 
> “Alright, enough of my uh.” she wipes her eyes and looks at you, attempting a heartwarming smile. “Problems...why’re you out here, anon?”

> Looking into the eyes of this equine dame, you consider bullshitting some reason for your isolation. Like “social anxiety” or “too many teenie weenies.” 
> But fuck it. If she’s like any other girl, she’ll listen to your story, pretend to give a fuck, offer some minimalistic form of consolidation and then maybe a ride if she’s feeling extra kind.
> So, you begin to tell her how the night began.
> How Petunia paid you no mind as you carpooled to the party, and even after arriving she avoided you. 
> How Petunia didn't even want to look at you, and you had to use one of her friends as a mediator of sorts in order to figure out what the hell was going on. 
> How Petunia finally said that she had dated you originally to get a good study partner in order to improve her grade. There was a spark somewhere down the line, but in the end you confirmed what she had originally assessed: you were boring. 
> Her possi then shoed you away, while she sat in the corner.
> Petunia cried while you were the one who was heart broken. 
> You kept yourself from crying while relaying the story.
> Although your ‘audience’ had retracted from hugging you, she seemed captivated by your tale.
> When you were done speaking, there were a couple minutes of silence. You had maintained some form of composure, when,  Carny said something out of left field.
> “Wait, Petunia Roth? Didn't she eat cream cheese off the dick of her last boyfriend?”