By Kaktus-NSFW

"Just like you practiced," a young boy assured himself. He stood just outside a small café, one he had, until now, only heard about in gossip and magazines. It was a particularly lazy Sunday afternoon, and the sun had just made its gentle dip into the horizon, bathing the city in a calming orange. He had hung about there for hours, waiting for the slightest glimmer of a chance to meet a very special person. He pulled a crumpled magazine clipping out of his jean pockets. It was a cutesy picture of a very popular blue vixen, giving a casual wave to the camera.
 
"Hi, my name is Aaron, I'm a big fan ma'am..." Would it be proper to call her ma'am? Miss made her sound old, that would be rude. He shook his head. There's no way he could call her that. Just "Krystal" seemed too friendly and familiar. Strangers don't call each other by first names. Aaron shook his head again. "That would be weird," he mumbled There was no doubt this was going to be harder than expected. Who knew if she would even show? The young man continued to stare through the restaurant window from his spot on a bench. He looked down, making certain he actually existed in the moment and wasn't having an elaborate daydream.
 
The child's eyes moved up to the building's logo, displayed prominently in a dazzling neon. "Mon Ami du Matin." He wasn't exactly sure what that meant. It was hard to imagine what attracted an ace arwing pilot to such a place. Aaron figured they must make lots of money, at least maybe, like, a thousand dollars a day. Probably. More than enough to eat at very fancy diner in any case. Maybe it was a fancy diner and he just didn't know. The name sounded French. They were obviously known for their fanciness. Or were they?
 
While Aaron was stuck pondering the several intricacies of country stereotypes, a particular fox wandered into the establishment. It took him a few moments to click back into reality and notice what had happened. His fist clenched, further ruining the picture he held. She was here. In front of him. Right there. He could see her! In the flesh! "Wow." It was her! Aaron became lightheaded and butterflies stirred in his stomach. He straightened out his plain red shirt with a gulp.
 
Hopping off the bench, the kid turned around and attempted to flatten out his picture as best he could. He retrieved his pen from the other pocket and began shakily walking towards the building. It was time. He would get her autograph. Here. Now. For real. The boy was so excited that, while he was completely transfixed on her, he didn't really process her appearance. Krystal seemed to be wearing her more tribal-type clothing, since that was what most people associated her with. Aaron recalled that from somewhere in an interview he read, most likely from the same magazine he tore the picture out of. So maybe she was fresh off of one of those publicity shoots.
 
Maybe now wasn't such a good time. He eyed his idol through the windows. Who's to say she wouldn't turn him down? Laugh in his face? Much like how his friends jeered when he explained his favorite of the Star Fox crew. Everyone else seemed to like Fox, Falco, or even Peppy. Maybe the green one had a fan or two, but no one seemed to admit they liked Krystal. She was cool and mature, fairly pretty too. Not that he explained to his friends that she was pretty, he wasn't that dumb. There was also the matter of her funny accent that similarly made him feel funny. He still couldn't admit that one to himself.
 
Aaron looked around, further rooting himself in reality. The sidewalks were fairly bare for the time of day, which was good. He didn't need a dozen adults asking where his parents were. Not when he had spent a few days scrounging quarters and studying bus routes for this rare moment. The bus wouldn't come around for a while anyways. He glanced back over at Krystal, who had begun delicately digging into a salad. Might as well, right? Can't leave without trying, at least.
 
"Hi, my name is Aaron," he repeated. The boy walked up to the set of windowed doors and pushed one open with the side of his arm. The café was a luxurious place. Wood flooring coupled with gentle lighting really did give it a fancy look. Everyone inside was well dressed too. There was a familiar faint smell of alcohol on the air as well. It occurred to him that this might not have been a café at all.
 
The boy froze, unsure what to do. No one had taken notice of him just yet. The oddly out of place boy in his simple jeans and t-shirt. There was still time. He could still do this. With a quick, but stiff saunter, Aaron robotically marched over to where he saw the fox. She sat alone, also out of place in her loincloth and brassiere. Not that Aaron thought that. He thought she looked cool, like some sort of jungle person who could like, kill tigers with their hands. Amazonian, right? That seemed like the right name for her.
 
As Aaron approached, he could see a dark red glass situated next to her meal. Maybe now was really, really not the best time. The few adults he knew that drank were never too fond of being interrupted, but he had come too far. He stopped right next to Krystal, who was staring out the window in what appeared to be boredom. He could faintly smell a very flowery and welcoming perfume from her. She seemed so soft. He wondered what it would be like to stroke her fur. No. No. That would be weird.
 
The way her eyes seemed to sparkle against the lighting was enticing, in a way he couldn't quite describe. The way her lashes fluttered prettily. Her long, blue muzzle. The ever so slightly brighter blue on her chest. "Well, hello there." Her deep mature voice. Her deep mature voice? Oh. Aaron shook his head, breaking himself out of his stupor. "No? No what?" she said with a smile. Her claw ran around the edge of her glass.
 
"No. No." He took a deep breath. "Hi, my name is Aaron, M-ma'am." Guess he was going with ma'am. "I'm a big fan, and- and-" he held up his treasured items, "I was hoping I could get an autograph."
 
Krystal looked him over. He could feel her eyes press against him. It wasn't a bad feeling, but it was a worrying one. At the same time, he drank up the attention he was getting from such a celebrity. It was like her judgment could change the course of his life right that very moment. Though he knew in reality he was probably the billionth fan she had seen that day. Slowly she pushed her chair back and turned towards Aaron. "Take a seat."
 
"Yes Ma'am." He scrambled into the seat at the other side of the circular table. She smiled but let out an audible sigh through her nose while she shifted back into place. Aaron worried for a moment that he had done something wrong.
 
"A fan, you said?" She sped up her circles around the rim.
 
"Yes, Ma'am."
 
"Well, don't be shy. What's your name?"
 
"Aaron, Ma'am."
 
"Aaron? That's a delightful name." The way she said his name in her accent was more than he could have ever hoped for.
 
"Thank you, Ma'am."
 
"Oh, please, don't call me that. I get enough of it at work." She propped her head up with a hand. "Krystal will do."
 
"Thank you," he swallowed, "Krystal."
 
"Now, what was this about an autograph?"
 
Aaron nodded and placed his worn out photo and chewed up pen on the table. "I would like your autograph. Please." He could feel her eyes sweep over him and down at the image.
 
"So tell me, Aaron."
 
"Yes, M- Krystal?" He fidgeted on the spot, unable to truly believe where he was.
 
"You didn't come here only for an autograph, did you?" She widened her smile. Her pearly canine teeth were barely visible.
 
"Oh, yes, I did." Her smug expression lessened. "I had save up a lot of my allowance and had to walk a lot," he said proudly. "But it was worth it!"
 
"All that way and you only want this to be signed? There must be something else." Krystal pulled her hand away from the glass and tapped on the photo.
 
"That's all I wanted. Uh, sorry." He cast his gaze down.
 
The vixen's smile returned, full force. "There must be something else I can do." She gave a lot of emphasis to the "I" part.
 
Aaron merely sat there, thoughts racing at the prospect of anything more than an autograph. What could be better than an autograph, his young mind pondered. A feline with funny spots and fluffy ears approached their table just as Krystal opened her mouth. "Ma'am, your bill." She held up a leather sleeve holding what the boy assumed were receipts. The fox woman shot a glare at the cat before relaxing near instantly.
 
"Of course, thank you." The waitress retreated in a hurry as soon as Krystal took the small leather case. "Now, as I was saying." She smoothly returned to her previous casual position. "There must be something else we can do." Aaron was quick to pick up on the change to "we". "Nothing else you had in mind?" She stopped mid-swirl around the glass.
 
Aaron was too nervous to do anything but shake his head. "Oh, I have an idea." She sat up again. "How would you like to join me on a small trip?" The boy's internal alarms went off. Hundreds of stranger danger videos and warnings from his parents came rushing back to his mind. Krystal must've seen his eyes go wide and added, "To see an Arwing in person, of course." Aaron's eyes nearly bugged out of his head, his mind struggling with the opportunity to see an Arwing with its pilot and years of endless cautions regarding anything vaguely unfamiliar.
 
It didn't take long for Aaron to nod his head as fast as possible, tossing out any semblance of caution. Krystal giggled. "Could you say it for me, please?" She leaned towards him, showing off an inordinate amount of cleavage. "Please?"
 
"Yes. Yes, please. Yes, please, Ms. Krystal."
 
"Such a good boy! Come on then, let's be quick about it."
 
Krystal seemed to be more excited about it than he was, as the boy noticed she left her half finished meal at the table. Aaron nearly forgot his photo and pen as they departed. Those items seemed so quaint now.
______________
 
Aaron found himself wobbling alongside Krystal down the street toward uncertainty. She towered over him, more than he had expected. Everything was definitely bigger in reality. Everything. Her large, fluffy tail waved from side to side, occasionally brushing against him as they walked. Her tail was the last thing he would have ever expected to make contact with. "Would you like to hold my hand?" Aaron coughed. He hadn't held anyone's hand since he was seven, or maybe eight. "Don't want to get lost, do you?" He shook his head.
 
A blue hand waved in front of him, goading him into grabbing it. Aaron tentatively reached out and grasped it, feeling the soft fur that covered her body. Her palm was a perfect fit for his own. It was firm but gentle as it moved down between them. His eyes were stuck to their union. His hand relished the unbelievable sensation. Soon after, his eyes caught on something else. Krystal's show garb, the tribal costume, was always Aaron's favorite outfit. It wasn't until his eyes moved over to her thighs and the long loincloth that draped over them that he realized why. That thin piece of fabric was all that separated his gaze from the forbidden private parts that became intensely interesting over the years.
 
"So," the boy's head snapped back forward, "I had expected a fan to be more talkative. Wouldn't you like to know anything about me? I'm more interesting than on TV, I hope!" She laughed, swinging their hands together. "Many want to know about how I joined Star Fox."
 
"I read all about that."
 
"Oh. Maybe you want to know where I came-"
 
"Know that."
 
"Hmmm. Is there anything you don't know?"
 
"I don't know where we're going," Aaron replied earnestly.
 
Krystal chuckled. "To my last movie shoot, of course."
 
"Shhhhhhoot." Aaron blinked
 
"Yes. Shoot."
 
"Is- Is it far?" It only occurred to him now that they hadn't approached any parking lot.
 
"No. You didn't think I'd gallivant around in this getup, did you?" She paused. "Would you?"
 
His eyes forced themselves back to her legs. "No."
 
"I guess I wouldn't mind too much indoors, but it gets too breezy in the city." She lifted up the cloth and let it settle back down. Aaron's heart leaped. Her garment nearly pulled all the way up to her groin. "No point in getting changed if I'm heading up the street, though, you know?"
 
"Yeah. Yes." No idea. His thoughts turned to a parody of Krystal in place of that woman over a grate and the way her dress would blow up spectacularly. Marilyn Manson, was it?
 
They continued down the blocks for what seemed like forever to Aaron. And he enjoyed every moment of that forever. His mind barely considered the fact that he was with what was essentially a stranger in a strange part of town. The sun had nearly disappeared over the horizon, leaving its last bits of warmth. The city was now a cool blue that made a lovely contrast to Krystal's bright blue fur and white accentuations.
 
Krystal stopped and leaned down. "You're the first one I've brought along, so you can't tell anyone, OK?" she whispered into his ear. Aaron pursed his lips and nodded sternly. "Good boy." She stood back up. "Come on, we're almost there!"
 
The two rounded a corner into a fenced off area. It didn't really look like a movie set. The area behind the fence was a large worn out warehouse with various boxes strewn about. A few large, black vans were parked out front. "Well, we haven't started shooting yet, but soon!" she said. Aaron was pulled along to the fence gate. Krystal carefully pulled it open and beckoned the boy with a smile, despite her firm grasp on his hand. Even though he didn't really think of it as a movie set, Aaron was more than excited at the prospect. He would have to see it just to brag where he was on set. That would be so cool. Everyone would be jealous, for sure.
 
On the approach to the warehouse, Aaron saw a guard standing by what he assumed was the entrance. "Let me handle this, everything will be alright." Krystal slightly nudged him behind her, obscuring his view with her shapely rear. He couldn't hear any words exchanged between them, only the sudden clanking of a door opening. Everything must've gone alright, he guessed, though the experience still unnerved him.
 
"Here we are!" Krystal cheered. The boy was pulled out in front. Inside of the warehouse was more boxes of varying size and appearance, though these were arranged in a way to make an obvious path towards a large something under a tarp. Its general shape gave him a good idea what it was. Everything was lit by large, warm lights high above. Aaron resisted the temptation to run up to the tarp, instead obediently being led along to it. There was still a general oddity about this "movie set" but he wouldn't complain. Certainly not now.
 
Aaron could hear both of their steps resonate throughout the building. Were Krystal not beside him, he'd feel deathly lonely. They made their way to the tarp where the vixen turned to him and leaned again. Her blue eyes were fairly striking as they seemed to close in on him. "Go ahead, give it a good tug."
 
"You mean I can...?"
 
"Of course." She patted the side of the object.
 
Aaron released his grasp on her hand and greedily dug into the large tarp. It took some effort, but he managed to pull the whole thing off and reveal the treasure inside. A grey sheen greeted him. Aaron slowly looked across the ship, taking in every detail of its hull. He hesitantly touched its side, feeling the cool metal. This was easily the best moment of his life. He struggled to look into the cockpit. "You want a look inside?"
 
"Yeah!"
 
"One second. Let me get changed out of this thing, OK?" She pulled on her top and let it snap back to her chest, causing an ever so subtle jiggle of her breasts. Aaron was left to his own devices as the fox lady disappeared behind some boxes. He continued to gawk at the ship while another, smaller part of his mind pulled his attention towards what could be happening behind those crates. The child shook his head. He couldn't risk this opportunity on that. Or could he? No. Yes. He shook his head again. No. No. He rubbed the side of the ship. Just a peek. No.
 
Aaron slowly shuffled towards where Krystal went, while his head was still weakly trained on the ship. A few careful steps and-- Krystal emerged from her spot, causing the boy to stumble back to his original position. His mind instantly concocted a billion excuses and a billion more apologies. "Like what you see so far?" Aaron nodded, his gaze not leaving the ship. "Well, we can hop in now." He glanced back at Krystal, who was now in a familiar... That was different, actually. The vixen wore a sleek black jumpsuit that covered nearly everything. Nearly. Its zipper was left tantalizingly as her stomach, leaving her chest only barely hidden by the skintight outfit.
 
With utmost interest, Aaron watched Krystal's swaying gait over to the ship. With one hand she popped the hatch open, revealing the treasures inside. In one swift motion, the vixen climbed inside. She looked over the edge of the ship. "Hop on in." Krystal extended her arms outward, offering them to Aaron. He saw no reason to deny her, though it was odd. Arwings had only one seat, didn't they? "Upsie daisy." He was swept up and back down onto the woman's plush lap. He tensed up. Another battle of interests clouding his mind.
 
"Comfortable?"
 
"Yes, Ma'am."
 
"Like I said," her muzzle tickled his ear, "call me Krystal." Her voice flowed deliciously into his ear and down his neck. Aaron could see her press a button out of the corner of his eye, pulling the canopy back down into place. As it clicked into place, all the sounds of the outside world were silence. The only sounds the boy could hear was their combined breaths and the drumming of his heart. "Pretty cool, huh?" He nodded. "You can touch anything you like. It's not fueled."
 
Aaron didn't know where to begin. He grasped for the controls wildly, forgetting all about his seating situation. Throttle, random buttons, the flight stick, he fiddled with every little bit of the ship's insides, and they all replied in turn with fantastical whirrs, beeps, and cranks. Amidst his exploration of the console, the canopy began to darken, eventually leaving the small compartment nearly pitch black. The only source of light was a green hue emanating from a small display, while the buttons glowed like tiny twinkling stars. "Sorry! Sorry!" he apologized.
 
"Must have hit the privacy switch. Don't move, I'll get it." He could feel something shift at his side. Something snaked over his jeans, dangerously close to his crotch. "Now where was it?" she hummed.
 
"I think it was--"
 
"No, no, don't tell me. I have to keep track of these things." Aaron could see her hand wave about, silhouetted by the darkness. "Was it on the flightstick?" Her fingers danced up his pant leg again. "Right about," her palm fondled his groin, alerting him to a growing erection, "here?" He let out a small gasp, the chill of excitement shot through his spine. The vixen squeezed his length through his trousers. "Strange," her muzzle teased his ear once more, "this seems stiffer than I recall." Aaron could only moan in response. Another squeeze came and yet another moan pushed through his lips. "Oh dear, I don't think this is the right stick at all," she whispered.
 
"N-No," Aaron mumbled. His trembling hips refrained from rubbing against her.
 
"I can work with this one too. Not a problem." The sound of buttons popping punctuated Aaron's now heavy breaths. A quick zip undid a layer of pressure. His fly must have been completely exposed. A furred finger wormed into his underwear, stopping briefly before pulling down. His hot prick was exposed to the cool air of the craft. His erection twitched in desperation. "You shouldn't have," she cooed. The boy had no proper response to this intoxicating stimulus and simply let it happen. Another hand pushed at his chest, settling on two soft cushions behind him.
 
A velvety hand quickly went to work on his shaft. It squeezed and pulled at his cock, clearly feeling up its length. "This must have been so troublesome. I can't imagine being this pent up." Aaron could only hazard a guess as to what that meant. Not that his mind was in any position to understand anything but touch. "Would you like me to take care of it?" The child nodded. "Say it for me, please. Please."
 
"Please. Please." He nodded. "Please. Please. Please."
 
"Of course." Krystal's hand wrapped itself around his cock and began a gentle stroke. The other hand massaged his chest. His body was alight with activity. Pleasure broke through nearly every part of him. It was almost frightening, this new sensation that took hold of his body like never before. And he never wanted it to stop. Her digits felt up every bit of his erection. Occasionally her thumb would strike out and tease the head, causing him to moan. Krystal giggled at every small peep of noise.
 
"I can go faster. Would you like that? Remember our magic word."
 
"Pl-" she rubbed the head of his dick, forcing out a groan.
 
"What was that?"
 
"Ple-" another swipe. "Please."
 
"Very good." Her jerking increased. The bottom of her palm slapped against his hips, adding to the array of noises that crowded the cockpit. Aaron was in bliss. His body burned with ecstasy. An uneasy feeling tugged at his balls. Something swelling up inside of him. He couldn't discern what it was, but he desperately wanted it. He needed it. "This has to be your first time." He nodded. "Is it good?" His answer slurred into another whimper of pleasure. She laughed. "I believe that was a yes." Something wet and warm darted across his ear. "Are you getting close?"
 
Her hands continued to push and prod against the boy. All he could do was enjoy himself. The wandering fingers left his chest and slid down towards his groin. The boy shuddered as her hand slid over his abdomen, past his thighs, and onto his balls. The entirety of his crotch was bathed in furry warmth. It didn't take much longer for Aaron to groan and buck his hips instinctually. His body knew what was happening, but his adolescent mind didn't. A wet muscle trailed across his ear again, nudging him over the tipping point.
 
Aaron's whole body seized. A cry of pleasure was muffled by his lips. "That's it. That's it," Krystal encouraged. She sped up her motions vigorously. The boy felt a stream of pleasure at the tip of his cock. He came. His ropes of semen were barely visible in the darkened cabin. Over and over his hips wildly jerked in delight, sending his ejaculate everywhere. His heavy breathing was interspersed by more of the desperate thrusts forward. "There we go." The vixen slowed to a stop. "All better now." As the last of his load dribbled out, his erection twitched again in the woman's grasp.
 
The overwhelming heat was the first thing Aaron noticed as his consciousness roused itself from the depths of lust. Beads of sweat trickled down his neck, where they met his damp shirt. "I'm sorry," he mindlessly said. His gaze was stuck on Krystal's hand, still fondling his cock. He could barely make it out, the only illumination being the green hue of the ship console.
 
"Nothing to apologize about, Aaron." With her other hand she ran a finger across the head of his prick, picking up some of the sticky residue. He could only imagine what she was doing when she rescinded her hand behind his head. "Not a bad taste." Seemed he didn't need to imagine at all. The canopy on the ship peeled away, bringing in a rush of cool air. Aaron hastened to pull his pants back into place as light trickled into the cockpit, though the vixen's hand didn't move. "We're the only ones here, slow down." She patted his leg reassuringly.
 
"But, but, what about..."
 
"He wouldn't dare come in here."
 
The canopy clicked into place, entirely ajar. Aaron could clearly make out the blue hand that held onto his glistening cock. Similarly, he noticed the white strings of semen that covered parts of the controls. "That's going to be quite the clean up."
 
"Sorry."
 
"It's not your fault," she squeezed his manhood, "is it?"
 
"No?" He couldn't tell if she was being polite.
 
"Then no need to apologize." She let out what Aaron thought to be a content sigh. "Let's rest for a moment." The vixen nuzzled her snout against the boy's head with a happy hum. He could hear her relaxed breaths course through her lungs and feel the rise of her chest push against him. Everything else was still, giving the experience a strange serenity, made almost dreamlike by the afterglow of his orgasm. Lust lurked in his mind, spurred on by the potentiality of more physical skinship with the beautiful fox.
 
Minutes passed without any movement. Aaron nearly wished he could fall asleep in their curious position as tiredness tugged softly at his eyes. Slight shuffling and the sound of a zipper coming from behind him snapped the boy awake. "How about round two?" Krystal asked.
 
"Two?"
 
"What, are you not ready?"
 
"No-- Yes, yes I am!"
 
Krystal pulled her hand away from Aaron's cock, much to his disappointment. Her legs shifted out from under Aaron and onto the sides of the cockpit, leaving the child sitting on the edge of the seat. "You can turn around now." He gulped, wondering what could possibly come next. Awkwardly and hesitantly he shifted around on the spot, kneeling on the seat. He found the object of his admiration giving him a suggestive smile. Hungry eyes met his. The elegance of her original gaze was replaced with something more primal. Aaron's eyes trailed downward, meeting her exposed breasts. Large, white orbs topped with pink areolae and slightly darker nipples.
 
The image alone was enough to make Aaron fully erect once more. "Easy to please, I see." Krystal placed a hand on the back of her headrest. "Go ahead." Aaron's head spun, and the dizzying sensation only grew as his hands went into motion. The tips of his fingers brushed against her tits. The fur was thinner, but her cleavage was incredibly soft. He finally worked up the courage to sink into her bosom, eliciting a hot breath from Krystal. At first he only squeezed her breasts gently, uncertain what else to do. The boy's hands eventually began exploring them fully after some prodding from the woman.
 
"Having fun?" She tittered. Aaron couldn't reply. "Could you do me a favor?" He nodded silently. "I think I might like it better if you use your mouth." She lapped her tongue at the air. Aaron stopped for a moment, faintly recalling a similar situation he had been in. It wasn't long before he latched onto a teat, instantly slipping back into the motions of it. "Easy! Easy." The boy suckled her breast, nearly expecting something in return. His tongue moved across her nipple, enjoying the bumpy surface. "Just like that." She moaned and forced his head into her chest. "Juuuust like that."
 
Aaron, while completely foreign to this lovemaking, tried his best to please Krystal as she did with him. His tongue ran wildly around her teat, aimlessly searching for the best response. At least, he assumed the louder moans were better. He scooted up to her, getting a better angle on her breast. The tip of his cock poked against her toned stomach. Unconsciously, he rubbed against her belly, enjoying the warm fur that covered her navel. A hand lovingly stroked his hair, causing him to relax onto her more and more. "I didn't think you'd be good at this at all."
 
"I think you're ready now. Or I guess, I'm ready now. You were ready from the beginning, weren't you?" Aaron's heart skipped a beat. He was ignorant, but he knew what she was implying. He drew back from her breast, leaving a string of spittle. Krystal's hand moved down her stomach and pulled the zipper on her suit further down. While her hand was in that position, it grasped Aaron's cock again. He looked down to see a wet, rosy slit and a stream of liquids dribbling onto a damp spot on the seat. "Well, tell me. Are you ready?" She leaned her chair back.
 
He nodded.
 
"What was that?"
 
"Yes."
 
"Yes to what?" She smiled. He winced at the teasing.
 
"Yes, I'm ready." He nodded again as if the words weren't enough.
 
"Oh? Ready for what?" she hummed.
 
He would do anything at this point. "Ready to do it."
 
"You'll have to be more specific."
 
"It. S-Sex." The word slithered from his mouth. Despite all their interactions, there was something intensely embarrassing about saying it.
 
"That'll do."
 
Aaron stared at Krystal's nether regions, clueless how to proceed. He was both ignorant to sex and worried about it. "Need some help, dear?" He shook his head and positioned his erection against her folds. Clumsily he pushed forward, poorly mimicking what little he had seen of the act. His glans slipped up, completely missing his mark. "A little lower." Again, he placed the tip of his erection at her entrance, edging slightly lower this time.
 
To Aaron's surprise he slipped into Krystal's moist folds. He stopped for a moment in shock, letting out an exasperated sigh. "The first time's always the best." There wasn't anything Aaron could do except tremble and brace himself on the vixen's thighs. Her walls pushed back against his member, exemplifying the intense pleasurable heat.
 
Krystal merely looked at him with a grin. She made no demands and made no movements. It took Aaron several preparatory breaths before he could work up the courage to plunge forward. He gripped her furred thighs and eased forward, feeling more resistance from Krystal's vagina. The slick walls slid over his cock, bringing with them every bump of her insides. When he had pushed his entire length into Krystal, he stopped once more.
 
The pleasure was unbearable. Despite his recent orgasm, her body managed to push him back to that newfound edge. Slowly, he began a thrust out in jerky uneven movements. He repeated this process several times before his body acclimated to Krystal's depths. Though, even with this acclimation he was fairly cautious in his thrusts. The furred woman lay her hands on his, giving them a gentle squeeze.
 
The warehouse echoed with the sounds of wet fur on soft skin. Small groans joined the mix as they worked through clenched teeth. Aaron had found a good pace to thrust into Krystal that kept him safely away from the edge. Each push forward caused him to lean further and further onto his mate, eventually burying his face into her fluff. Her breasts rest just above his head. Aaron's hands left the woman's thighs, and settled onto wrapping around her waist. Feebly, he pulled down in time with his hips, trying to better push his way into welcoming warmth. Whether or not it worked, he couldn't tell, but he didn't care either.
 
Aaron quickened his pace. His eyes had long since shut, his young mind forced him to focus on the other senses that all struggled for attention. The small excited breaths the vixen let out. The electricity that ran up his spine. The fur that embraced him happily. The burn of enjoyment that flooded his mind. All of these pushed him deeper into the abyss of lust. "Are you almost there?" A hand played with his hair, though he barely noticed it. His only response was a quickened pace.
 
Aaron's next orgasm came swift and hard, right in the middle of his frantic thrusts. Something in his mind told him to stop, told him to calm down, but he kept his pace without much thought. More streams of semen pushed their way into Krystal's hole, and soon made a mess of as Aaron immediately thrust back in. She let out a drunken giggle that peaked every time another string of ejaculate surged into her. The mixture of their juices flowed out, adding to the growing mess on the seat.
 
The boy couldn't tell when he stopped. He suddenly found himself limp on Krystal. "You did well. Very well." She wrapped her arms around him, completing their hug. Still, his mind was lost somewhere within the mess of pleasure he had experienced. All he understood was the comfortable, calming arms that eased him into a peaceful sleep.
______________
 
The ride home was a curious one. Krystal, still clad in her skintight suit, drove him home in what seemed like minutes. "Keep this between us, OK?" she said with a wink and a cheery wave. He couldn't say for sure what time it was, or if it was even Sunday. Aaron waved back and stepped out of the car. He stopped to watch it speed away until it turned a corner and vanished from sight.
 
With tired steps, the boy approached the front porch. His hand fished for his key in one of his pockets. A strange crinkle could be heard as he rummaged about. He produced a small, neatly folded piece of paper that he quickly unwrapped. It was the photo he had brought with him, only now it had a stylish signature emblazoned on its front. He gave a small cheer before turning it around in his hands to look at that back.
 
"See me again, rookie!" it read. A cutesy doodle of a smile with pointed ears was just above it, and a string of numbers was scribbled below.
