>The great civilization of the Lizard-women had dominated the jungles for centuries.
>They created impressive cities with towering temple pyramids, dedicated to their gods.
>Local human tribes would be subjugated, and made to pay tribute to the Lizard-women.
>It was only proper for the strong to benefit from the weak, as nature intended.
>Human males were prized possessions, able to last longer and be ready again faster than their own males.
>Their body heat was welcoming, their skin soft and supple, and their scent intoxicating.
>As a result, the Fertility ceremony overseen by the High Priestess requires such individuals.
>Every year, the human tribes would offer up one of their virgins as tribute for it.
>Depending on how many of the priesthood they were able to satisfy, a human tribe could be rewarded or punished.
>One year however, after an intense storm from the vast waters, a curiosity arrived.
>A tribe had secured a pale man, from an unknown region, and who spoke an unfamiliar tongue.
>He was taller than the native humans, broader in the shoulders too, and his eyes a startling green.
>According to the tribe, he'd been found upon the beach wearing strange garments.
>And, according to testimony, when asked of his origins, he pointed across the sea from where the sun arose.
>They, of course, did not know if this was true, or if he was a virgin, but the tribe felt it warranted attentions of a higher authority
>The High Priestess, upon learning this, made a note to reward the tribe of humans for their diligence.
>The Pale One was brought to the great city of Centecochitl, where the High Priestess and the grand temple of Xiomara were.
>While he was indeed noticeably larger than a native human, his face was quite youthful in appearance.
>He seemed rather alarmed at the appearance of the Lizard-women, and would do his best to back away when approached.
>It was understandable for one o be intimidated by those superior to themselves, as Nature intended.
>Most definitely if a human had never met one of the lizard-kin before, and arguably one of the most important females.
>With a gesture, the High Priestess ordered the Pale One to be stripped of his garments so he could be examined properly.
>He did struggle and protest, but it was his fault for hiding so much of his body under leathers and fabrics.
>Even his FEET had been covered for some insanity, even the soft-skinned tribesmen went barefoot.
>It was quite shocking to see even paler skin upon such a body, hidden away from the scorching sun.
>The Male fussed, and his face turned alarmingly red from embarrassment, a rather strange reaction.
>What kind of backwards civilization of humans taught themselves to be ashamed of their bodies, the very work of the creator?
>And what a body this one had, the pale flesh showcasing his well defined musculature from a life of hard labor.
>Much to the delight of the High Priestess, Xiomara had blessed this male quite generously.
>Oh, the High priestess would most certainly reward the tribe of the Aztecs most generously for this tribute.
>The Pale one was given a loincloth, before being sent along to be prepared for the Fertility Ceremony.
>He was given drink and food, so as to boost his production and endurance.
>Then, a few giggling servants washed him, enjoying his attempts to resist them, truly humans needed to learn hygiene was important.
>Sacred oils and perfumes were massaged into his skin, but no tribal markings were applied, for his people were unknown.
>Finally, he was served with a elixir of frothing chocolate and fermented fruit, to ease any reservations he might have.
>As the sun began to set, the Ceremony began, and music began to flow freely from pipes and drums.
>A night of debauchery was to descend upon Centecochitl, and hopefully Xiomara would bless the wombs of females to bear young.
>The High Priestess was already atop the temple with several members of the priesthood, all females.
>Adorned with talismans and perfumed, the began dancing and reciting prayers to the Goddess of Fertility.
>Even as she hefted an incense burner to the heavens, the High Priestess could see the Pale One at the base.
>A pair of Temple guards, female warriors tried and tested in fierce battles, were bringing him up the steps.
>There was however, a concerning note, as the male was fighting with unusual vigor against their grip.
>They were having to all but drag him up the steps of the temple, all 69 of them.
>It was as though he was deathly afraid of whatever lay at the top, a ridiculous notion!
>Then again, the Pale One did hail from across the vast seas, this was possible disorienting and frightening to the lost male.
>Still, his strength might have tested that of a lizard-woman in such a state, but the Temple Guard held him with ease.
>When he was atop the temple, the Pale One looked around wildly, his breath coming in rapid gasps.
>The moment he spotted the alter, he began trying to break free with renewed vigor, a foolish notion.
>Even if he were to miraculously break free of the Temple Guards, more than a score of the priesthood would be upon him.
>The lizard-women, even their lowest, were faster and stronger than the human males, and could subdue them, as Nature intended.
>With care, the Pale one was bound to the Alter, the stone smooth as a river rock, and in such manner not to cause harm.
>The Temple guards left him there, drinking his body in with their eyes and licking their lips.
>Many of the females gazed upon the Pale One with wonder, though more than a few were skeptical.
>The High Priestess ignored them, her hands dipping into a bowl of sacred lubricant, coating her palms and fingers in it.
>She approached the Pale One, and began to rub his manhood and scrotum carefully, enticing him to harness.
>While his face bore an expression of immense bewilderment, the blush told the High Priestess that he was indeed a virgin.
>She straddled his hips with ease, trapping his throbbing member between their bellies, and gauging his expression.
>Once she learned his language, she'd ask what silly thing had frightened him so.
>And as the sun disappeared and darkness fell, she rose up and engulfed him in a single, smooth, motion to the hilt.
>his breath seemed to leave him, but oddly, he didn't moan like many of the tribesmen before him had.
>Rather, he grit his teeth, and avoided looking at her altogether. Did he think he could resist pleasure itself?
>The High Priestess smiled, he would submit and give her his essence, as all males would, and as nature intended.
>She began to ride the Pale one at a sedate pace, fast enough to cause a smacking sound, but not hard enough to bruise.
>All the while she gazed down at the male, waiting for when he finally stopped being stubborn and submitted.
>Across the city, musicians played and dancers moved, and lovers embraced in carnal pleasure.
>While the other priestesses had kept their distance at first, a few came forward to look at the Pale One.
>Soon, the sound of music and flesh, along with the scents of perfumes and musk, overcame their reservations.
>They began to lick, nip, suckle, and kiss at his pale skin, savoring this rare and blessed find.
>Some sought to stimulate themselves against his body, while others whispered sweet words of encouragement into his ears.
>Throughout it all, the Pale one resisted as best he could, to not give into what they offered.
>But it would be in vain, the female was superior to the male, as nature intended.
>The Pale One would give the High Priestess his essence, as the Goddesses had intended.
>Finally, as she began to approach her climax, the Pale One stopped fighting, and let loose an adorable moan of pleasure.
>He began to reciprocate, face burning with embarrassment, as the other priestesses crooned at him.
>Then, his limits finally reached and resistance broken, the Pale One climaxed , the male nearly screaming from the pleasure.
>Moments later, the High Priestess reached hers, her folds ruthlessly milking ever drop from him as she sighed.
>For a few seconds, they stared at each other, before the High Priestess removed herself from him.
>His expression of wonderment turned to alarm as he gazed upon his erection, it only having gotten bigger.
>He muttered something in numb horror, even as the next member of the priesthood mounted him.

>In the end, the Pale One had managed to satisfy five more female before passing out, truly remarkable.
>After the sordid fluids had been washed from him, the High Priestess order the Guards to take him to her quarters.
>When the Ceremony had come to a close, she descended the temple to bathe briefly, before heading to her residence in the temple district.
>Upon entering, she found the Pale one lying upon stacked sheets of cotton bedding, stirring slightly.
>He tried to get up, But the High Priestess pulled him back onto the bed, his back against her belly.
>After a moment or two of struggling, he gave up, exhausted from his earlier ordeal, and too comfortable to try.
>Humming gently, the High Priestess smiled at her prize, a gift from Xiomara, and stroked his hair.
>She would see to it the Pale one was educated, teach him the culture of the Lizard-kin, their history.
>He would learn to read and write, to do math and learn the patterns of the heavens, and how to care for her home in her absence.
>And she would learn much from him as well, a most importantly, where his tribe was.
>The Lizard-kin would build ships to cross the unending sea, and armies of Lizard women would go to the land of the pale ones.
>The lizard-kin would subjugate the pale human's tribe, as they had done with the tribe near them, as nature intended.
>And the Lizard women would dominate the males of the Pale tribe, females would always dominate males, as nature intended.
>But for now, she would comfort her glorious little gift, and sing sweet songs till both were sound asleep.