In the following months Arntendall signed the peace treaty with wessens. Even for a warring nation such as wessen, they grew tired of their fighting and bloodshed. They had realized that if they were ever going to survive, they needed trading and connections in Arntendall instead of raiding. Their own home had become unsuitable to support such a large nation and they settled for peace with the people of Arntendall. The tensions were high still but peace was achieved nonetheless. The age of rebuilding and getting over the old, deeply rooted hate was the new goal to achieve.
As you had travelled across the sea and watched as the coast of Arntendall slowly sank beneath the horizon, you held Asta close to you on the deck of the frigate that sailed under a diplomatic banner. Ever since you had fallen through the anomaly and ended up in that strange, yet fascinating world, had Arntendall been the only familiar thing to you. Now you were on the way somewhere remote and foreign again. This time you would have your brother with you and someone you loved deeply. This time you wouldn't have to be afraid. You embarked on the new journey with high hopes and new excitement in mind.

It had been roughly a year ever since you had arrived to the continent called Amania. The main capital: Sunless Kingdom as it was called was like straight from the legends. Golden rooftops and stunningly beautiful gardens filled your view everywhere you laid eyes upon. You watched from the balcony at the city where magical lights illuminated the gardens in the night. The sky was filled with stars like never before. Asta's home, the room you currently lived in with her was like a temple. It was decorated with columns and marble that rivaled with the grandest ancient architecture you could recall from your old world.
One year ago you had become known to the anthro people of the Sunless Kingdom.

You and Asta had presented the discovery to the ministry of five ministers, who reported straight to the king himself. One of them was an old man named Aro Karkinen: Asta's father. The new discovery was greeted with awe and wonder that was foreshadowed with fear. Allthough it was their common saying: nothing should be feared, only understood. As you had demonstrated your power by summoning various forms of weaponry in your hands and made stunning maneuvers in the city hall, the ministry was overcome with the certainty that they had been gifted with something truly extraordinary. At one point you had collapsed on the floor, having a reminder of your mortality again. Too much blood used for your weapons and attacks had drawbacks but in time you would learn to control it.
The ministry had established a secret branch of school that was in charge of unraveling the secrets of your arts. It was not just some school or institution, it was a secret unit of fighters called Sanguine Knights. You had been placed as its captain. Sanguine- or Bloodknights as some in your unit called themselves, were a group of so far ten anthros and you, the only human in the Sunless Kingdom that would lead them and teach them to master this new art. Bloodknights were positioned to be the spearpoint of the protectors of the kingdom, secret for now but in time it would be brought to public that indeed within the kingdom resided a disciplined and skillfull organization of fearless fighters, who wielded the power rivaling with the gods themselves. Despite your origins, your knights respected you and looked at you as their teacher and leader. Only in one year you had already mastered new forms of blood conjuration, realising you still had seen nothing of what you could become.

One night Aro summoned you to his quarters where you met him. He was gazing at the city and its lights through his window. He was an old anthro, typical fox-like nonhuman but still just as prominent has his daughter Asta.
>"You know why they call it the Sunless Kingdom?" he asked without averting his eyes from the grandiose sight that was the city.
You had your captain's uniform on, which soon would rouse respect and fear in everyone who would lay their eyes upon it. The enemies of the kingdom would learn to fear it deeply.
>"No sir. I don't."
>"Neither do I", he snorted and turned looking at you. He measured you and your new armor. You were human, sizable and intimidating when compared to the people Amania.
>"This power you have bestowed upon us will have great consequenses. In my heart I know those consequenses will be good ones. You've made the right choice by trusting this knowledge to us. Had you taught it to any human they would have only used it for their perpetual warfare and bloodshed. It's the human nature, no use in denying it, captain Anon. But you are a living example of the fact that there are exeptions to this rule. The Sanguine Brotherhood will uphold peace in Amania above all else. We are not a warring race by nature but we do have history with war."
They grey Amanian anthro takes a couple of steps towards you.
>"I heard of what happened in Arntendall. It pains me to know of what she got herself into. Political assasination attempts, ugh!"
Aro lets out an angered sneer.
>"You saved her life many times, Anon. For that I'm ever grateful to you as I'm grateful to your friend Kwarne, who risked his life in an daring attempt to aid you. I hear he has adapted quite well in the city guard during these months. You are both admirable men and I am glad to have you both as part of our society."
>"Thank you, sir."
>"I am getting old", Aro sighs.
>"I am still at peace when I know that my daughter will be in good hands. I doubt I will have any grandchildren though", he says and winks.
>"We're not...", you start nervously but lying to him was out of the question.
>"Please, wipe away that mug. I'm her father and I know what is happening. You've resqued her many times and done things unimaginable for her. I have no quarrel with that. I know you love her deeply and if Asta wants to share this life with you, then I will approve her decision."
>"Thank... thank you, sir", you say again almost like it was the only thing you knew.
>"I may not live to see the day when Sanguine Brotherhood is on the lips of every man and woman within the kingdom, but I know the kingdom will hold proudly as it has held for hunreds of years. You may go now, captain."
You lift your right arm on your chest and bow. Then you leave.

"You see anything interesting", echoes from the living room to the balcony where you still stand. You smile and walk inside where Asta is waiting for you. Asta is having her cup of tea as she sits on the floor. The living quarters rarely had any stools or chairs. People used to sit on the floor with their backs straightened. Getting used to it was difficult at first. At least they had comfortable beds.
>"Your armor suits you still", she compliments.
>"Surely better than the old ringmail they shot to pieces", you admit. She still doesn't remember anything of the torture and that's for the best. Sometimes it got her agitated but it really didn't bother her anymore. She still had her moments of paranoia but your closeness always soothed her. She was alright and only that mattered to you.
>"I met Kwarne the other day", Asta admits.
>"Oh?"
>"He was hoping you would join him for a drink some day."
>"Surely a pint or two wont hurt even if I'm the captain of the order", you conclude. You took your position seriously. The society saw you as Astas bodyguard, her fearless and ferocious protector who does not forgive ill intent towards his mistress.
>"You've made any progress with your arts?"
>"There is one technique I labeled as 'teleportation' for now", you explain and sit right next to her.
>"Oh?" her ears perk up and her eyes began to shine.
>"I can liquify myself completely and move dozens of meters in an heartbeat to a new location where I reconstruct myself."
Asta's expression turned into a face of pure terror and her ears folded back.
>"You better not to do that when I'm around", she yelps.
>"Promised", you say with a smile.
Asta pours you a cup of herbal tea. Then she hands it to you. You take a sip and feel how the warmth emanated from your stomach.
>"How long will it take for you to get out of that armor?" Asta asks you with a smile.
>"Why do you ask?"
>"I got a bath waiting. I'd wager it has cooled down enough by now. You've had a rough day and I thought you could use some luxury", she informs you with her ice melting smile.
>"I think I could come up with a technique for removing the armor quickly."
>"No sanquine arts at home, remember!"
>"So old fashion then", you laugh.
Carefully she helps you to remove the pieces of plate and tanned leather. You place them on the armor stand where they would wait for you. Shortly after you follow Asta to the bathing quarters where she is already waiting for you; her fearless and ferocious protector.