HMOFA, One-shot, Scalie, Lizard, Video Games, Dream Girl

----------------------

Game installed, and finally booted up, you can't wait to get into this fantasy open world game. First things first, character creation. This game is interesting because you have two characters to design. Some features for your player character, but the game focuses more on the spouse who joins you from the start. You finally get to see the waifu you've had in mind since you first saw the trailers for this game.

You start with the Lizard girl base. Your heart nearly melts from the base model, and you're tempted to just go with it to enjoy the game itself. No. You have eyes for only one lizard girl in your life. Which is more important? Colours, or body? You figure Body first, and the view changes to show how tall she is relative to your player character, about a head shorter should do just right. Long but slender tail. You give her curves, but nothing ridiculous. you feel a little awkward on the slider for breast size. You spend a few moments with your hand in front of gauging how much a handfull would be for you, glancing back and forth between it and the screen. That looks about right.

You almost miss the head menu. A bit of experimenting with the facial sliders, and you're onto things like horns and ears. Is that an option for crest softness/hardness? You give her an appealing scaly crest mohawk, and drop the slider to maximum softness. A couple points either side of the head look just right for her ears.

With her physical features set, you go to work adjusting her colours. Dark muddy brown being changed with the RGB sliders to a pale green, with a touch of purple pearlescence. The soft underbelly scales start from the middle of her bottom lip, and seem to carry on through her legs and a little bit down her tail. Quick twiddle with sliders later, and now your girl is the vision of perfection for you. Leaning back you stretch your back and arms, while glancing at the time. Shite, its 1:28am? Best play a little to the first point you can save your progress and shut down for the night as you have work tomorrow.

--------

As you walk home from your simply retail job, you revel in how easy the commute is with it being just down the street from your apartment. Couple doors and staircases later, and you're back into your humble bachelor pad. You sort yourself a light lunch to keep you going while you game. You have tomorrow free, so no worries on how late you stay up tonight.

Food on plate and a cold drink ready, you sit at your desk andd hit the power button. You contemplate checking your various social medias, but reason if anything was important enough that you were needed, you'd have heard something by now from your phone. time to take your lizard on a wild fantasy adventure. The game loads up, but you notice your save isn't there. Stranger still is no option for a new game. Did you computer corrupt your game data?

A soft sigh and the sound of fabric rustling sends a jolt through you. Someone else is here, in your home. Some else is in your bedroom.

You get up and make your way to your bedroom door as quickly yet quietly as possible. Who'd even want to get into your place? You make sure you don't flaunt any expensive tech or other purchases, so no theif should have interest in you. Maybe its a work colleague badly playing a prank on you? Maybe you're more tired from work than you thought and you're having some sort of hallucinationary daydream?!

You gulp with nerves, not having a clue as to who could be in your room. The door is off the latch, so you play you hand near the handle and firmly push, following into the room, ready to react to whatever it could be. Swoosh goes the door gently rubbing along the long-pile carpet of the bedroom. And there you see them. The uninvited guest seemingly asleep in your bed, hiding under the covers.

Still moving slowly and quietly, you make your way over to the bedside. Whoever they are, you have no desire to entertain weirdos who break into your home and sleep in your bed. Thats just impolite. You lean over the bed, taking hold of the duvet cover, your other hadn bracing slightly against the wall for balance. you take a breath, and yank the whole duvet off the sleeping home invader.

You stand completely confused, amazed, and in awe. Curled up on your bed. As real as you can see without putting your hand on them. Is your lizard wife you made only last night. Aside from the fact she's clearly a reptile, you could never mistake anyone or anything else with those features you spent an entire night getting just right.

Feeling, balance and strength all leave your legs, making you collapse to the floor beside your bed with a thud. You remind yourself to breath, but instantly suck in a mouthful of air as she stirs and slowly lifts her scaled head. Those magenta eyes blink away the sleep, and slowly focus on you. She' pushing herself up a little more, her arms straight, squishing but also hiding certain assets you had trouble with last night. She sits there looking at you, and you at her. You can't help but feel a smile start to show on your face.

"Hello, my love" You don't remember if there was voice acting in the small section you played last night, but the silky softness of her voice damn near melts what self-control you have, turning you overjoyed smile into a sheepish grin of embarrassment. You snap back to the moment when you see her shiver despite herself, and you realise you still have the duvet in your hand, and pick yourself back up off the floor.

"H...hi, my sweet" Is all you can manage to say without stumbling all over yourself. You thank your lucky stars.
"You seem cold. I'm sorry for taking the covers off you." You return to the side of the bed and motion to put the bedding back onto her, but you stop as she reaches to your hand and lightly caresses your skin. Unspoken words relay to what she wants, and you climb under the covers with her. You pull yourselves close together. You take in the smoothness and softness of her scales, while she sfotly sniffs you and your clothing, and savours your warmth.

"Anon, I want to be with you forever." You never said your name, but considering the circumstances of her appearence, you're unlikely to question how she got your name. You hold her close, praying to whatever gods or devils gave you this gift for this to not be a dream or hallucination. Her body seems to have a perpetual chill to it, which makes sense for a reptile. Guess your heating bill is going to go up a little from now on.

----

You take things slow, or as slow as you can get when a beauty just appears in your home and becomes a part of your life. This past week you've mainly been getting used to another mouth to feed, and her companionship. Her personality is soft, but she has her moments when she won't back down, especially when you're in the wrong. Curiously she seems to have to desire to explore the world beyond your apartment, but on the flip side she quickly learned how to maintain excellent housekeeping. You're still the one that cooks all the meals.

You arrive home from an average day at the office, and there she is. But as you close the door to your home, it suddenly clicks. She's waiting at the bedroom door, standing provocatively with only one of your works shirts on as far as you can tell. She smiles at you, slowly and gracefully slipping into the bedroom with her tail flicking the door closed behind her.

You swallow, realising what she is wanting. You unbuckle your belt and slip it off, throw your jacket over the back of the nearest seat, and unbutton your shirt a little. Being the gentleman has made sure you're a couple, now its time to show her you're a man in the bedroom. You stride forward and push the door into the bedroom.

you see she has taken to being curled up in the middle of the bed almost like how you found her, but this time, she knows you're there, and is waiting for you. She uncoils herself from her curled up spot, and gives you a small show as she strips off your shirt from her body, finishing with her back to you, but looking over her shoulder at you. You accept the invitation and climb onto the bed behind her, placing your legs either side of her and softly wrapping your arms around her frame.

You stroke across her torso and belly, leaning down and nuzzling into the side of her neck, lightly biting her scales. One hand makes its way to her breasts slowly, and you behind caressing the soft mounds that as you had hoped are a perfect handful for you. Your finger tips explore the soft scales that cover them, and you find small slits that hide her teats. being careful not to hurt her you give them light squeezing, caressing, and pulling. Your other hand walks downwards, pulling back to stroke firmly up her abdomen and belly. She chirps when with each downward pass you get closer to her slit.

Your hand finally begins caressing her slit, reaching far down and pulling back up. Already you can tell she is brimming with excitement for this moment. Her own hands are caressing your arms, one reaching up and behind her to rest on the back of your head as you continue to bite her neck. Her other hand explores your own waist, but nervously pulls back before it can fall below your waistline.

You move both hands to her wist level, one reaching between the two of you to lift her tail slight, and pull your trousers and underwear down. Your cock falls out and quickly erects, bumping into her tail. She chirps with nerves, causing you to loosen our grip and allow her room to break free of you if she chose to. Instead she slowly leans back into you, shifting her weight and spreading her legs more, so they're outside of your widespread knees. You hold her softly and steady, continuing to kiss and bite her neck and shoulders.

As the pair of you shift and move, your cock begins to rub the underside of her tail, the inside of her legs, and finally rests at her slit, which feels to be oveflowing with excitement. While holding her hips, you grind against her. She nervously reaches down with one hand, and opens herself to you. You feel the slit part and open, then feel the vaginal lips touch against your tip. Each grinding thrust slips you a little further in, and she slowly leans forward you allow you greater entrance. You get to about half-way down you manhoodbefore you decide to try and push the rest of your length in, the change in pushing eliciting a wimper of pleasure from your love.

You rest there, feeling your pulse and hers start to reverberate through your both. She is already starting to pant with desire, making you smile as she starts to buck her hips against you. You take hold of her hips, and hold her still and deep onto your cock, doing your best growl of dominance. You set the pace, pulling out and thrusting forward, rocking back and forward. Her body pulls and grips at for flesh as you penetrate and press forward, which stimulates your manhood. You notice her breath becoming more ragged, and short, feeling your own climax creeping up on you.

You let go of her hips but lean your body forward and over her, pressing down either side of her waist and adjusting where your legs rest. This shift unleashes a throaty growl from your love, and surprisingly you join along with her vocal expression of passion. Your pace quickens, pulse racing, and her tails is starting to coil around your waist as a sign she doesn't want you leaving her at the last minute, and you can feel it grip tightly onto you with each thrust.

Instinct takes over for a moment, your pace accelerating faster than you intended. pleasure sizzles and spreads from your cock as your legs buck forward, while you grip onto her body tightly and pull it back. One final sensation, her cervix being pressed against your cock tip sends you over the edge. Your hot seed erupts and paints her insides. Through half-closed eyes you see her bury her face into the blankets, and ear a muffled gutteral roar raw pleasure. Her insides grip and quiver, her heat mingling with the molten love you've filled her with.

You both are still, panting, shaking, sweating. A small cramp in the back of your leg forces you to start leaning to the side, pulling her with you. Once you're both sideways, she begins to move, your slowly softening dick slips from her, sending a shiver through you both and making her wimper softly. She nestles down in front of face, chest to chest, her snout nuzzling into the underside of your jaw. You both breathe deeply, heart rates settling down to normal. You are thankful to whatever deity for blessing you with such luck.

A thought crosses your mind that neither of you have spoken since you got home. You feel guilty, so you must correct this.

"I love you." No truer words have ever left your lips.

https://www.patreon.com/evocationmedia