You jolt awake and blink several times, heart thumping a little before-
“This is your stop bud. Sorry for the wake.”
You look up to the older man who kicked your boots, giving your tired head a shake. Crap, you can’t even think fast enough for the world right now.
“Nhh, sorry.” You say, sitting up more and grabbing your bag.
“It’s fine.” He says with a smile. “As much as I like it here though, the country is not where I am needed.”
You nodded lazily and somehow stumbled off the bus and to the seat of the bus stop, just feeling like the world is a numbed blur. You didn’t even notice the bus was already long gone when you looked up.
Left…right… both was of the road were empty. Like you were the only person for miles and miles. Green trees and fields of food or grass stretched over rolling hills, extending to the horizon where it all just disappeared into a white blue before it was just sky.
So this is where Microsoft makes their backgrounds?
You snirk at your bad comment and just look up, enjoying the country air and warm season as you watch the sky. It was a nicer, more innocent blue. Like you could actually get a reply if you said hello to it, as if this is some fantasy cartoon land where everything talks with how vibrant things look.
Yeah… this place was better then the last one.
The whimsical moment is gone the moment you hear the growl of some odd ass engine, looking left again to see some equally old ass dodge sputtering down the road.
The pickup truck rolls down the road and slows near you, stopping in front of you. The Tiger driver giving a wave and smile.
“Hey there, Anonymous, right?” The striped anthro man says, leaning over to open the door from the inside.
“Yeah… ooof.” You grunting as you get up, grabbing your back and moving over to the truck.
You climb in, giving a smile in return before you close the door on the truck and feel it thump back the other way.
“Name’s Matt, though you probably know that from all the documents.”
“Nah, actually.” You say, opening the door up again and slamming it closed this time, hearing the lock click faintly. “I usually skip all that, make the first meeting interesting and not a contest of who can break the ice.”
You look back to see a hand extended to you, taking it and giving the man a firm handshake.
“Or… you know… I’m just lazy.” You say with a humorous smirk, getting a laugh out of the man.
“Just watch saying that around one or two of the families out here, they will tear a strip off of you until they see you aren’t lazy.”
You nod, letting go and slumping back with a huff.
“Christ though, you look like a bloodhound would beat you in a contest of who has their eyes open the most. Bad sleep?”
“Rough ride getting here. Express class doesn’t give much time for sleep in flights, just to be awake for three hours at each transfer.”
“Ahhh. Well, a warm bed is waiting for our new Watcher. Not five stars, but you’ll like it.”
You just grunt as the truck gets rolling, speaking up again with your eyes shut.
“So excuse me for resting my eyes, I am listening though. Matt?”
“Yep, that’s the name. You’ll be in the guest bedroom, in the attic, and your stuff will arrive tomorrow.”
“Not here yet?” you ask, cracking an eye open.
“Nope. Shipping delays. It is fine though, things have been calm lately and you won’t need to start right away. Better let our new protector get some rest first. …But uhh… listen.”
“Mmmh?”
Matt looks at you with his green eyes, giving a rather curious expression.
“Not part of the contract, but, if you feel like making some extra money I need help. You can fly, right? It’s just under the table crop dusting. Nothing that will impact pay or be a violation.”
You pause, shrugging and nodding after.
“Sure, seems fine. Just spraying fields?”
“Yeah, whenever you aren’t needing to do your main job. We are trying to double down on production this year to make up for more recent losses. Clear skies so far, but last month was terrible.”
“That why I got this position?” you ask, genially concerned.
“Yeah… your last guy was old- OH! No! nobody died, just retired due to age. Went back home to family.”
“Ahhh… and here I thought I was going to be in danger.”
“Oh you will be.”
The two of you just talk and discuss your little side deal as the truck moves along the road, turning off down another after a bit.
Matt points out the fields that belong to him as you go by, letting you take in the view.
Acers and acres of corn, wheat, mustard, tomatoes, berries…
“You process all of this?”
“Well, we all do” He says, looking across the field with you. “We all pool our resources out here, very much the tightly woven community in movies.  We just each do sections of everything so we are not at a total loss of one income if things get rough.”
“ahh.”
The truck turns again as it pulls into a driveway, slowing as it gets up the hill and to a large house with an even larger barn and other buildings.
You can see others outside, one adult and three children of different ages.
“Come on.” Matt says, brushing down his white shirt with a hand. “The wife will want to see you.”
The Anthro tiger man hops out, already being around the truck before you even open the door.
“Daddy!”
You look up to see what seems to be the middle child of the three children sprinting from her spot, only to slow and duck behind the human woman.
You’re not one for kids, but you admit, it’s kind of cute to see her poking her head out just enough to see you but still trying to hide.
The woman just pats her head, giving a laugh as Matt moves to her and gives a smooch.
You just glance around, taking in the sights.
White house, grey barn and lighter grey buildings. The family just greeting each other, looking over at you. Looks really generic, but cozy in a way. Like the million-dollar dream come true. Husband, wife, two boys and a daughter.
The fact that it’s a human wife and anthro father is a little surprising too, and it shows amongst the children. Both boys actually have a head of hair, one brown and the other’s an orangey-yellow. Tiger and human. The daughter being a tiger too, but her orange-yellow coat is more like a strawberry blonde, almost gold with black stripes and white tufts poking out from the spring dress. You note the mother’s hair, seeing the similarity.
You just smile and give a wave, the mother smiling back and petting her daughter still.
“It’s okay sweetie. This man is doing the same job as uncle Brian. He’s going to be a friend.”
She then looks to you, giving a smile before you move forward.
“Anonymous. Anon is fine though. Mrs?”
“Katie. And I’m glad to see that our new Watcher is a nice young man like yourself, everyone has been anxious since we found that we get to house you. This is James, Charles, and Nora.”
The two boys just give a curt wave, the older being more friendly looking as his tail swishes about. The two of them looking like they are trying to size you up or something. The daughter just gives a timid wave with a bashful smile.
“So, forecast holding up?” Matt asks, giving a nuzzle to his wife
“As far as all the systems say, yes. And stop! We have a guest.”
“Aww, come on, like affection is something to hide…” Matt says in a very fake annoyance.
“Honestly?” You say, shrugging. “I’ve seen my fair share with where I’ve been set up, so just pretend like I’m not here. Technically you’re my boss, so...”
“Nonsense! You’re our guest and you will be treated the same.”
“mmmh.” You groan, giving a yawn that you quickly cover up.
“Our new Watcher is tired, so I’m just gonna show him in and be right back out after we go over the map.”
“We may as well all go in, I was going to start supper soon. We can go over the map to prep for tomorrow, I don’t think we will have trouble soon.”
You just follow the family after Matt beckons you, a little unsure what to say or do otherwise. Just trying to watch your step at your temporary home.
The house is just as modest and comfy as it is on the outside, wood floors and very basic painted walls.
You are led to an open room adjacent from a kitchen, a large table with a map on it in the center with a whole desk full of communications and radar equipment. It’s enough to bring you to a whistle and make you wake up a little.
“You know, I’m a little surprised. That’s quite the set up, even if low tech. I was expecting just very basic monitoring gear.”
“Yeah, but we need it to get early warnings. With how large our area is, and how far spread each family is, the earlier we can be alerted the sooner we can get all the families into the bunker.” Katie says.
“A bunker? Wow…”
Matt laughs, pulling you to the table.
“Never had one in the other places you were a Watcher for?”
“No.” You say, looking over the map.
It spans the whole valley, right to the City that’s a good six hours away form what you can guess. Plenty of rock ridges off the one side and a mountain near the center. The rest is forest, hills, and fields.
“Where is it?”
“Here.” Matt says, pointing a clawed finger to a red square. “This is about two kilometres down the road where we made our first turn, fifteen from the bus stop you were at. We are here, the red circle.”
“And the other red ones are the other families?” You ask, seeing the different colours.
“Yes, good assumption.”
Eight families… okay, bigger then you thought, given the location
“Given the value of the area, and how large it is, there are six other Watchers. We can go over the actual landmarks tomorrow as I give you the drive around. But… Mt. Stagger, Camp evergreen, Pedal lakes, this is just the ridge, over here is all the orchards.”
You just watch the man go through the landmarks he points to on the map, taking in the land and nodding.
“There’s a camp?”
“Summer camp for kids and teens, old-school and usually empty. But, the kids like to go down there for little camp trips all the time if the forecast is good.” Katie says, looking over the radar equipment.
“Okay, good. Just making sure for where I really need to be carefully for others being.” You say, nodding.
“Don’t worry, we all keep each other in the loop in case things get bad.”
“So… besides the mountain, where is the highest point for regular traffic? The cliffs?”
“No, it’s actually here, by the McCallan’s place. This hill is a bit higher, might be a good spot for you to keep an eye out from.”
“Cool.” You say, yawning again after.
“Go get some sleep, Anon. We can tour and say hello to families in the morning.”
“Unless.” Katie says rather sternly. “He is hungry first.”
“Nah, I’m okay. I just really need a proper bed and some sleep right now.” You say, eyes starting to burn and ache.
“Then come on, this way.”
Matt leads you up the stairs and into a hallway, pointing as he walks by.
“Up stairs bathroom, boys, the girl, me and the wife. And…”
He points to another staircase, nodding.
“You room. Good bed and some junk up there, but don’t be afraid to move things around or change to a window side view. Just try to keep quiet after seven, like we will try to keep things quiet before the same time in the morning.”
You just give a tired nod before you head up and into the room, setting your bad down right at the top of the step.
You don’t take much of the room in, it’s boxes and shelves of things, but not really dusty or anything.
Plopping down on the bed with a groan, you just keep your eyes closed and just ignore the evening sunlight until darkness takes you.
It is a good time until you open your eyes again, you can hear quiet conversation and it is daylight again. The only thing giving away that it’s the next day being that the sun isn’t beating down on your face.
You yawn and sit up, not really giving much thought outside of getting new clothes on. Taking the time and curtesy to go behind the wall of boxes.
At least freshly clothed, you try to go down the stairs as quietly as possible. Heading right down to ground level of the house to see the family all gathered around and eating.
Katie smiles, gesturing to you.
“Good morning! The first shipment of your supplies came in early, so I grabbed one of those food packs and got it started for you.”
“Thanks… what’s the time?”
“Seven-ish? You were out for probably almost twelve hours.” Matt says, taking a drink. “You look a little better than yesterday.” 
“Feeling it too.” You say with a nod and grabbing the brown pack between the hot warmer “Let me get this down and I can get the real answer.”
You just tear the backing open and dig in with the plastic fork-spoon, trying to guess the contents on flavor.
Chili? Nah, no beans. Lasagna? You taste… cheese? Kinda mild… Yep, spicy vegetable lasagna.
“Uncle Brian says those give you the craps, is that true?”
You give a brief snort mid bite, snickering with Matt as Katie gives the elder son a scolding look with a smile.
“Sorry…” he says, avoiding his mother’s gaze
“Well, if they are the bad ones, yeah. But these are pretty good, better then the stuff military gets, actually has some flavor. Your uncle been doing this for a while?”
The tiger cub nods, his father joining in.
“Brian was one of the first three here, we owe him more then a few times for keeping us safe. He’s not really related to us, but we are all kind of family out here. Helped with the kids when I couldn’t get leave and Katie was still out of commission. You’ll get along with him. He’s the community godfather as far as we are all concerned.”
“Speaking of, keeping safe that is, did the guy who brought this give a hint of when my gear will get delivered? Can’t do much otherwise.”
“Ah, yes!” Katie says. “While you two are touring, I’ll unload it. Probably after the kids get sent off to school.”
“You sure, hon?”
“I’ve worked a day in my life! Hmm!” She says, nudging her husband playfully.
“Yeah, yeah… fff-n woman, giving me no good grief.” Matt whispers.
“Excuse me?”
“I said… fun woman, giving me grief.”
You just roll your eyes as the couple gives playful nudges, finishing your food up.
--------
You just smile as you look over the countryside, taking all of it in. You must have been really tired yesterday, because it really just won’t settle in how good this place looks.
You just finished up with a house that had a human couple, Nathen and Rebeca, one kid named Tomas. Matt still cruising with you around, pointing out houses and landmarks.
“Right, so there, all those red ones are mine too.” Matt says, pointing across to the large red posts. He had been showing you the locations of his crops for your little side deal.
Truthfully, you didn’t mind the extra spending cash. Watcher contracts were a little cheap on the personal spending you get for the month. Getting extra fun money for drinking or to hang out with any friends you make would be better.
“Cool. So, how fast is the plane? I’d probably want to take it for a test to get a feel for it, but if I don’t know what it can do then I can’t make the most of it.”
“Not too fast.” Matt says with a smile, giving his head a shake. “We bolted a car engine in it, because the old one was too costly in fuel. For how often we use it? It really hits the wallet. Sorry about that too, if we don’t ask you to dinner often. It was tough having to pool together to put another Watcher contract through.”
You frown slightly, looking to the Tiger Anthro.
“That tight for money? Sorry, I just feel bad that a place like this needs to pay for us to be out here. You guys provide food, that’s really important now. And really, a car engine?”
“Yeah! Lower gravity, so the thing floats and zooms for an engine that small. And yeah… no special treatment. Guess closer to the city is safer, but we still need to pay any way. Out here, we at least look out for each other. …speaking of…”
He points to his side now, at an older house.
“That’s Gran’s place. Her real name is Sahara, but given her age, everyone calls her Gran.”
“How old?”
“85, still does her job as a Watcher the odd time.”
You wince slightly, sighing.
“That’s… impressive but…”
“Don’t worry, she’s quite capable and smart. Trust me, she can certainly do her job. The McCallan’s are next. This’ll be fun.~”
“Fun?” you ask as the two of you pull into the driveway.
Already you can see the next family of anthros, all of them white in fur colour. Wife gardening, father playing with two same height teens with a football.
You watch as the unknown wife looks over and gets up as you approach in the truck. She and the whole family are a bunch of Ferrets, the snow white fur standing out amongst everything.
“Watch… Hey there, Eva. Garden coming along?”
Eva sighs, nodding and brushing the dirt covered gloves on her pants.
“Well, thanks to our friends keeping an eye on us, yes!”
Matt nods, looking to you as Eva rests her elbows on the truck window ledge.
“Two years ago, this place got turned to rubble. We only had Granny and Brian, along with one other for Watchers then. They’d only moved here a month before it happened, so they are really thankful now more then ever…”
Matt then looks over at the father and teens, covering his mouth.
“Who knows how they would act if they knew I was touring with the new Watcher.”
You watch as both heals of the teens immediately scrape the ground in breaking to get the ball first and make a B-line for the truck.
“Oh lord…” Eva says, stepping back to make way.
Both of them grab onto the ledge, shaking and almost bouncing like some kind of skit where someone is hopped up on too much caffeine. Looking up at you with green starry eyes.
“You’re a Watcher?! The new one?”
“Do you have cool new gear? Stuff the others don’t have? Can we see it?”
“Can you take us for a ride, like Brian does? Pleeeeease?”
The two just shake, vibrate, and look at you expectantly. The whole thing both making you smile and look at Matt and Eva.
“Uhh?” you say, gesturing to the kids.
Matt just rubs the head of one of them, still looking at you with a smile.
“Ferret thing, get them excited and it’s worse then a sugar rush.”
“And gives us a headache. This is just as bad when we go out for icecream.”
“I can’t help but love seeing them happy. Hey, Mike” Matt says, tapping his fist to the other Ferret. “Doing the tour for the newguy.”
“Anon, nice to meet all of you.” You say with a wave, half worried for getting your arm pulled on if you went for a handshake.
You chat a little more before taking off again for the next house, Matt smiling.
“Sorry if that was a little much, the twins love to see the Watchers on the hill after being rescued. They idolize the job.”
“At least they aren’t scared or scarred for life from that happening.” You say, shrugging. “Who is next?”
“Newest edition, been here for less then a year. No fields, but they are a blessing to all of us. Wife, Anja, a border collie-lab who is our diamond in the rough doctor. And her husband, Brandon, who is our new local parts finder and repairman. Think they are still trying for a baby, so this community is going to just get bigger.”
You nod, looking out before looking back.
“You know, it’s a little surprising. For as old fashioned as this community is, values and such, it’s oddly accepting for interrelationships. I thought you said you and Katie were the first family that had any anthros in it.”
“What is this, 2024?” Matt says, giving a laugh. “No. one too many close calls really brought us together. We help each other out, as I said. Although, Gran was openminded enough to accept our charity right away. So I guess she helped break the ice.”
“Ehh, still. Married, having babies…”
“Interested in having kids at all?”
You sigh quietly, shaking your head as you smile enough to make your cheeks hurt.
“God no, never. I’ll pass on all that and take my trip to Egypt, thanks.”
“Nice try, but that kids and vacation money thing is the same as the cigarettes and Ferrari one. You don’t have any, so why are you not in Egypt?”
You laugh with the man as he turns again, the talking making the ride much faster then you expected.
As you pull in, you can see only one person outside. Another anthro with brown fur.
“That doesn’t look like a collie-lab.”
“Oh, yeah. That’s Sammy, she’s family with the McCallan’s. A niece to Mike”
You watch as the anthro girl stops hauling parts on a rope to look over at the two of you, giving a wave.
Fuck, she’s strong! That thing probably weighs 150
Matt stops the truck, opening the door.
“Come on, let’s get a stretch in while we are here.”
You nod, hopping out with him. Matt giving the horn a honk and drawing the couple of the new family out.
The three of them meet you halfway, Anja just happily wagging her tail and Latched onto her husband.
“SO, doc… you two actually succeed or are you getting into the baked goods again?” Matt says, grinning with hands in his pockets.
Anja just gasps with some annoyance, Brandon smiling as Sammy starts to laugh. You just smile, not really getting the comment as her body looks about as fit as anyone else.
“You guys are so mean, he was just taking jabs at me about that! Just because I mixed up the bread and croissants that one time? Let it go already! That turkey tasted great still.” She says, tail still going. “I can stop making your needles not hurt you know.”
Ah, not you get it.
You can’t help but look over at the unknown, rather less known, Anthro girl. Just trying to figure out her breed. Her size has you guessing she’s not a bear, but her arms have some well toned muscle to them. Like a track runner’s legs. You’d almost think her as a guy if not for her hips, chest, and pretty face.
Catching your gaze, she looks down and back up over you. Keeping a curious smile on her face as you start to feel some embarrassment from being caught.
“So, this is?”
You break eye contact, looking back to the group.
“Anon. He’s the Watcher we get to house.”
“Oh? So like us with our mink hero Sammy?”
That surprises you a little, making you look to the girl in the tank top.
“Ahh, that’s why.” Sammy says, smiling at you still “Thought you seemed a little out of place here. Sam, Sammy, Samantha… it’s all the same to me.”
She reaches out for a handshake, making you smile and return it.
“Anon. Busy around here? I’m just trying to make nice and not step on toes so far.”
“Ahh, you’re fine.” Matt says.
“Busy enough… trust me, it’s not dull here.”
Again, she looks over you, crossing her arms at about the bottom of her ribcage.
“So there, brown eyes, you all set up yet? I’m on shift tonight and could show some spots.”
“I’m still waiting for my stuff.” You say with a sigh, actually starting to get a little anxious and revved up. “Truth be told? I’m worried about stuff getting broken or going missing.”
“Aww… Well then, tell me once you are ready and we can blow off that steam together.” She says, smiling and looking over you again…again.
…She’s checking you out. Is she also crossing her arms to-
“Untill then… I’m trying to earn rum money. All of us try to get together on the weekend and drink, so you are in the loop about that.”
She turns, tail giving a little sway as she keeps looking at you.
“See you around, don’t keep us waiting.”
“Sure.” You say, smiling
Sammy walk off and gets back to hauling… whatever that plate is, the others looking at you when you notice them.
“…She is single, you know. Just watch out, she’s a thrill seeker.” Matt says.
You scoff, feeling your face flush a bit.
“We still have half this place to hit up, shouldn’t we get going.”
“Poor dodge. But yes. See you to around.”
You look back once at the mink girl after saying goodbye to the others, rolling away in the truck.
If anything, you like your co-workers so far.
--------
It’s another few hours of driving until you finish meeting the rest of the families and bunny girl, Kara, another watcher. You and Matt finally going back to his house before sundown.
Right away you start to smile, seeing the large shipping container sitting in the yard now.
“That yours I’m guessing?”
“Yeah.” You say, now really feeling eager. “All my gear.”
“Busy night then, or?...”
You shake your head, getting out after.
“Tomorrow, let me see properly and enjoy the weather.”
“Not too how for you?”
“Nah.” You say as you stretch, making your back pop. “honestly, it’s really nice. It’s what, 20 degrees or so?”
“About, yeah. And we’d better check in with the wife about the forecast.”
You nod, running your hand along the cargo container as you walk by. Looking to the sky again after.
Peach and blue.
You are right behind Matt as he goes over to his wife to hug her behind, their children watching the television.
“So, darling… all clear?”
“Just like the last two weeks. Well, not the last two. There were some readings beyond the mountain five days ago, like we talked about, but clear for days now.” She says, looking at you.
“Good to hear, I’d hate to start causing too much noise this early in my arrival.”
“When you save some lives, no one will complain. Promise. Supper time?”
“Sure. Anon? care to join us at the table with your food?”
“I moved some of your food items upstairs, and kept most in the barn since they won’t go bad.” Katie says
You nod, thanking them before you grab a packet from upstairs.
The light conversation you all have at dinner is a little pleasant, you are not really listening as you just go over things in your head and think of what you need to get done tomorrow. Inventory is a must.
Mmmm… trashy mac’n’cheese with “Grape juice”
A small squealing series of beeps wakes you from your thoughts, seeing Katie get up as the others and you eat. The woman moving to the desk of radars and devices, picking up a headset.
“Hello? Hey Grann, all clear? Good, keep safe.”
She flicks some switches, looking over things before sitting down at the table again.
“All good?” You ask
“Yes, Grann was just checking in with me. Her and Sammy say we are all clear. There is some electric field activity, but what is probably a light thunderstorm is not something to worry about.”
“We do get some wicked lightening, it’s fun to watch it bounce across clouds.” James says.
“How much and how often?” You ask, actually curious. “Too much and I might need to get some proper parts to protect my gear.”
“Really light, but very often. The storms James is talking about are the real big ones that would make anyone stay inside.”
“Ahh.”
“Well, that’s good that you won’t need to spend more. Hopefully. Maybe you can talk to the others about what they have? I know that Brian has his Bulldozer… ah, I could mention, Brian is also working in roads, construction, and demolition. But I know his Bulldozer is all rigged up with his gear.”
Again, the squeal sounds, Katie getting up.
“You know I can get it once and a while, hon? You do plenty of work as is.”
“And wake up two hours later then you do.” She says, grabbing the headset again.
This time you can see her expression change, seeing her look worried.
“That’s not the face of someone who thinks the readings are a small storm.” You say, quickly downing your drink and standing up.
“Katie?”
“We… might want to get the others out there.” She says, gesturing you both over and pointing to the screen.
You can see the lightly yellow coloured area to the more northern part of the scanner. You’re no expert, but that’s hardly anything.
“Gran and Sam have visual confirmation and are moving. Otherwise I wouldn’t say.”
“Bunker time?” Matt asks.
“No. but we should get a bag ready and get others out there.”
You smile, patting her on the shoulder.
“I’ll go.”
“You’re not even unpacked.” Matt says.
“Ehh. I’ll wing it.”
The man just grins, giving your shoulder a punch.
“Knew you’d be perfect for here. Need help?”
You nod, pulling your leather jacket off and going for the stairs.
“Yeah, get the container opened, I need to dress up. 13576.”
“Got it.”
You run up the stairs and you begin to hear noise below, getting to “your room” and undressing from your regular clothes. Soon ripping though your bag for your jumpsuit.
Dark blue jumpsuit now on, you head down and out the door. Seeing Matt gesture you into the container.
“Hell man, I knew we hired a Watcher, but damn! Don’t cause too much damage.”
“I promise to fix what I break!” you say, walking through the almost pitch black container and climbing into your cockpit. “Oh, get inside and cover your ears!”
You watch the tiger disappear as you close the canopy, flicking some switches to be greeted with the familiar fake female voice. Grasping the twin sticks on either side of your seat’s armrest.
--Powerplant Startup. Reactor stable.
--Coolant check. Green.
--Fuel check. 98%
--Pressure check. Green
--Thermal displacement. Gree-
Yeah… you need to hurry this up.
You flick the bypass and open up the top of the container. Hearing the engine grow louder and the arms of the container whirr.
--WARNING. Startup check sequence incomplete.
--Engine start.
You press the release, just letting the craft do what it needs to do.
Slowly and steadily you lift up, hearing the muffled sound of your engine. Trying your best to keep it slow and not kill the ears of the family housing you.
--50 feet.
Grabbing the safety restraints, you buckle up before flicking more switches and sliding the throttle forward to a quarter.
--100 feet.
Helmetless should be fine, you’re keeping low enough today.
--150 feet. 
More switches, these ones unfolding your wings and opening up the vents. The engine suddenly spiking in noise and force with the open airflow
--Safe flight mode altitude reached.
--Flight mode engaged.
You drop for a second before taking proper flight, keeping a low throttle before you punch it a little and get sucked back into the seat slightly.
“Frequency check. Katie, you there?”
“Yes, loud and clear Anon. And thank you for the warning. We will need to get a proper location across the property.”
“I have a solution, you’ll see. Can I get an address for where I need to be up here?”
You catch a bright explosion in a forest, humming.
“I think that’s probably where you want to be. Sammy and Brian are there with Gran. Marcus is about there, so you’re playing catchup. I think one other is on his way too, Will.”
“Understood, switching to an open channel.”
You fly quickly to the spot where to see smoke, pulling back on the sticks and throttle to slow down.
Below you can see lights flashing, trees falling or getting hit hard.
Scanning around, you see the turquoise glow you are looking for in a field. A couple hundred of them actually.
“Fucking bugs are everywhere!” a man shouts over the communications, laughing a little.
“Steam roll them, man! I’ll keep up the scanning and hurting their ears.” Another says.
“Shut up and shoot! This is serious!” another one says, having some sort of accent.
You can see a spot with a few of the bugs grouped together in a field, speeding up a little and flicking your master arm on.
“Come on Marcus, you’re too uptight for anyone. Have some fun.” A familiar voice says.
Hey, that’s Sammy!
You smile briefly and pull the trigger on your sticks, seeing the cannon fire from the two gatlings “walk” across the field and hit a couple dozen bugs.
--WARNING Altitude.
You keep spraying, watching the glowing blood splatter everywhere before you pull back on the stick.
--PULL UP! PULL UP!
Just clearing the treeline, you point almost straight up and speed up
--OVER G! OVER G!
Feeling what the warning is telling you, you slow and start leveling a little. Your jumpsuit squeezing from the force.
“Who the hell is the hotshot in the sky almost clipping the trees!?” one of the guys ask
You smirk, rolling right and pulling back again to turn.
--OVER G!
“That would be me. Hey Sammy.”
“Anon! cool, you have a jet!
“Yeah, great. That’s exactly what we needed for when there are this many.” Marcus says
Ohhh, don’t you say it.
You just grin as you flick switches, deciding to turn up the heat a little. It’s laser time.
“Don’t be a dick, Marcus, man… I’m betting he’s great.”
“Some barely useful jet and pilot, doing gun runs, on a mainly ground battle? Sure. I thought we got some professional? Not some guy who’s going to be called Goose to lighten up his death.”
…Alright, pal. You want a show?
You break again, slowing right down.
--WARNING Minimum speed. Minimum speed.
God, you have so many fucking BUTTIONS in here. You should fix that.
--ECS mode change. Minimum speed.
You press the foot pedals down now, taking advantage of the new control scheme of the electronic control system.
Your gut drops with you as you plummet, heart pounding in beat with the warning beeps until you push a lever forward.
--STALL. STALL. Stable.
With the lever forward, your seat shakes and tilts back. You bringing your arms to your chest so nothing gets caught or crushed.
You are only looking as the sky for a moment when the whole craft flips over, now with you facing the “Roof” of the canopy and looking at the ground. More specifically the large falling part.
It quickly pops an extension out, leaving you to close the gap as you push the sticks forward and fly to it while it fully extends, the arms and fingers of your suit reaching out to grab the laser rifle.
The fingers clasp the sideways foregrip and main grip, holding the rifle level as you hover.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWz2BWGxqMI
You pull the targeting computer out and in front of your right eye
“Thermal.”
You close your left eye and watch the visuals change, seeing the glowing outlines of multiple vehicles and suits below. All of them slightly larger and much more heavy duty then yours.
You also see the heat signatures of the bugs, smiling.
Pulling the trigger after you aim for one of the bugs, you watch the beam connect, opening your left eye to see the blue beam briefly before focusing on targeting.
Two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, te-
“Oh come on, that one was mine!” Sammy whines
“Oops. Nineteen. Twenty.” You say, smiling form having so much fun.
“You know the rules, Sammy. Lowest score buys the first round, and the new guy is playing fair up there.
“So, Will as usual then?” Sammy says, snickering.
Thirty. Thirty-one.
You crack your eye open again, seeing the bright orange glow of the barrel and giving a sigh. Mentally pumping the breaks on the action and letting go of the twin sticks for a moment to shake off your eagerness.
You move the suit and take the left arm off of the front grip, opening up the quick release for the barrel and sliding it out.
The automated arms in the forearm begin taking the three parts and separate them, replacing the barrel with one that is stored in the arm and isn’t glowing hot.
Parts swapped and closed up, you fire again, loosing the bugs in the trees.
Shit. You can’t quite tell friend from foe like this.
“I’m coming down, they’re all in the forest and I can’t see them too well.” You say, pushing the targeting computer back.
Rushing down, you extend the legs out and throttle up last second to give a gentler landing. Beginning to run to the trees and into the forest after you land.
About 50 or so meters in, you get a good scare as one of the creature leaps from the tree onto the canopy, clawing and biting at it.
“Shit!”
The thing is quickly replaced with a large and swift metal arm, the arm having slugged the creature off your suit and to a tree trunk.
You look to see one of the more heavy duty suits look at you with a red “eye”, stepping forward to give the creature another punch and splattering it everywhere.
“That’s one, Anon.” Sammy says. “Be careful. We just met, but you don’t want me to use up all your booze money in paying me back, do you?”
You’re about to say something witty when you see a much larger bug leap out towards her from behind, raising the left arm of your suit.
The super heated barrel fragments from earlier launch out and imbed into the creature, making it squirm on the ground for a bit before it dies off.
“You’re right. And thanks for that.”
“Uh… you too, actually. We need to talk shop later, though! That suit you have is really cool.”
“Fine over here by the way! You two maybe want to talk later?”
“Ahh, quit crying you baby. Gran doesn’t even get this stressed out. I’m burying them as I drive over them, they’re to small to be a worry.”
“Yeah, the human bear can just wrestle them down. Then get out there and do it! Be my guest!”
“Nah. I’m channeling my inner Marvin right now.”
You smile at the banter, shooting the gatling at another bug as Sammy grabs another and just clocks it into the ground.
Tonight is going to be a fun night.