[This is based on an old prompt from the thread asking for a short comfy greentext, now a WIP story idea.]

>Not many things could beat out a warm summer afternoon lazing about on the beach, soaking the very last rays the sun had to offer you.
>Especially not with someone as easy on the eyes as your panda wife by your side.
>She stretches for a bit, asking you if you'd like to move over to the hammock to nap together for a while.
>Over the years you've grown accustomed to her small quirks and now look forward to your frequent napping sessions together.
>You get up from the beach towel and offer your hand to help her up, smiling.
>She smiles back and takes your hand, leading you to the hammock you set up in the shade.
>You ask her how you're going to both fit in the hammock clearly meant for one.
>She laughs at your question and tells you she'll make it work, all but pushing you into the hammock.
>As you lay in the hammock, resting your eyes for a bit, you wonder what solution she could possibly come up with.
>You haven't felt this relaxed in a good while, feeling what few worries you've been harboring melt away.
>You feel the hammock shift a bit but pay it no mind until you feel that familiar warmth and fluff of your wife's fur and body making contact with your bare skin.
>Despite swimming together throughout the day, there's still a faint scent of her shampoo emanating from her fur, invading your nostrils and making you feel even more at ease.  
>Nothing else in life mattered in this moment, you could be struck down that very moment and die a happy man.
>After a bit of shifting and rearranging you both settle into a somewhat cramped but still comfortable position, leaving you both close enough to feel each and every breath taken. 
>Even over the sounds of crashing waves you swore you could hear her heartbeat, that steady thump like music to your ears.
>Noticing the sun is soon to set, you ask her if she'd like to stay up a bit longer to watch it with you. 
>She nods but you can tell she's wiped out as it is, you'd done a lot of swimming together during the day.
>You both turn on your side trying to get a good look at the setting sun, taking the opportunity to embrace her tightly from behind.
>While you wait for the sun to set, you spring at the chance to gently rub at her fuzzy ears, something else you'd both come to enjoy over the few years you've been together.
>As you notice the sun beginning to set on the horizon you realize your ear rubs and cuddling might've been too much for your already tired wife, as she's already sound asleep in your arms, something you have no desire to disturb.
>You're not too worried as you'll always have plenty of other opportunities to watch the sunset together, giving her a kiss on the forehead and resting your head on hers, finally giving into that overwhelming warmth, falling soundly asleep.