>The post-orgasm haze drags on for an immeasurable amount of time. Inner clocks aren’t fond of banging, after all. Ari doesn’t do much to stir you from your current state, content with dotting your cheek and neck with adoring kisses while the both of come down from the lurid high you have been riding.
>You do the best you can to reciprocate the attention despite your lack of energy. Your arms have wrapped around her in a lazy embrace as she laid onto half of your body. Every time her cheek rubbed into yours, you pressed back, eliciting a chuckle from the anthro. This wasn’t the first time you’ve lazed about in an afterglow cuddle, but the warmth from Ari is sapping any desire to move from you.
>She has a surprisingly sweet way of letting you know she’s tired of waiting for you to recover on your own. Pinching your chin between her thumb and pointer finger, she pulls your head around so that you’re face to face with her. Tilting her own muzzle slightly, she pushes in for a kiss, hardly waiting for permission to press her rough tongue past your lips.
>The oral wrestling that follows snaps you from your daze. That, and there is a trace taste of something that isn’t spit in the exchange. You console yourself with the notion that there are worse ways to find out what your own jizz tastes like.
>At this point, it’s just a matter of following the script, and despite the nonstop reminders from a small voice in the back of your head, Ari is being far too sensual for you to care much about how spending more than ten minutes alone with this woman is most likely landing you on some government watch list.
>Your hands move now that the both of you are doing something besides affectionately cuddling. One hand slides in the middle of her back, and your fingers find a surprising amount of tone underneath her fur as you roll her onto her side. Your other hand slips under one of her thighs, and you drag it back over your leg, draping the feline’s leg over your body.

--

>This must please her, because her tail went from lazily swaying to zipping back and forth as her purr begins to gain volume again. While you’re busy keeping both of your lower halves pressed together, she’s gently kneading at your chest.
>If anything you’re caught into the momentum of it all at this point. The moment she breaks the kiss, you push your nose against hers, prompting her to push back before another kiss starts anew. For the moment that your eyes are open in that small break, you see Ari’s single eye go half lidded to completely closed. Despite keeping her mouth plenty occupied, a moan still eventually slips out from her.
>That was what pulled her out of this stupor, almost squeaking as she pulls away from you, her hands suddenly pushing you back. You worry that you’ve somehow upset her, but that thought is put aside as she grins and snickers. “Okay, okay, lesson learned. Don’t let Anon get too comfortable in the after glow. Else he turns into Romeo Anon and I’ll melt like a school girl.” She sighs to herself as she sits up, rolling her legs off of the futon and putting her feet to the floor.
>At first you’re confused, but then you realize just how into that make out session you both were. It wasn’t the playful display of dominance she had made had first frenched you moments after teasing you for getting a danger stiffy, and it certainly lacked the force of the lustful exchange that had occurred when your hand was buried in her pants.
>Describing it as melting was appropriate; maybe it was because you had caught her off guard by making things more intimate. Rather than tease you as she had the other times you had been forward, she pushed herself back into you the moment you grabbed onto her. It was almost as if she was desperate for a passionate touch.

--

>Those last few moments felt like they had all the ingredients to turn into an evening long tryst between needy lovers, eager to tune out the world so that they could enjoy each other in every way. It seemed almost play for play identical to the contents of countless romance novels.
>Maybe you’re just reading too far into it. She probably just found it amusing and didn’t want to ruin the moment by calling you out on it. Most likely the only reason you’re even entertaining this line of thought is because you weren’t paying attention last time you helped yourself to a free book from the library’s discard pile.
>It only took one sappy romance novel that you swore you were only reading through for ‘the good parts.’ Now you’re imagining yourself in some sort of ‘star crossed lovers’ situation with the most dangerous woman you’ve ever had the misfortune to cross paths with.
>At least having to accept the fact that you’ll never having the confident swagger or glistening caramel toned pecs of Fabio Reintorrez, Pirate Prince of the Caribbean, is no longer the worst thing reading that book has done to you.
>As you sit up yourself you notice Ari gazing at you, face turned just enough for her good eye to keep you in sight. Immediately you grimace; her face is in a frown. The two of you stare at each other for a moment, and then you see the blur of her hand reaching up for your face.
>You don’t have the speed or reflexes to intercept it, and you let out a less than manly sound as she grasps at your face and pushes your head down into the futon. There is more strength in that arm of hers than you expected, because you don’t have the leverage to lift yourself up with the force she’s holding you down with.

--

>While you’re struggling, you hear the feline inhale before sharply hissing the air back out through clenched teeth. You have a small line of sight from between her fingers, and the look on her face is far from happy as she stares down at you.
>She’s contemplating something, and you feel like a cut of meat on the butcher’s counter. Just when you started normalizing her and her behavior, she jumped right back over to being terrifying.
>It must be obvious to her, because her face immediately lightens up and her hand pulls away. “Oh Jesus, sorry hun. I’m just thinking about business and I - fuck I’m sorry, you didn’t do anything wrong.” The panic tone in her voice at least seems genuine, and the same hand that was holding you down is immediately pulling at your wrists to get you to sit up.
>”Look, I just - I mean, I’m no good at mixing business and pleasure and-” She’s shaking her head and helping you sit up now, having turned to use both of her hands to get you up right. Once you’re side by side with her, she doesn’t know what to do with herself. Her hands reach towards you before jerking back, and at this rate she’s becoming an absolute hot mess.
>”You did great. I swear I loved it, really. I was just in another place in my head and I was thinking of you and what we’re doing, and then something else at the same time and…” Ari is starting to ramble now, and this might be the first time you’ve ever seen concern and worry on the feline’s face.
>In what will go down as one of your riskiest decisions ever, you interrupt her flurry of excuses and apologies. “Ari.” This anthro woman has at least ten if not fifteen or even twenty years of age over you, but the moment you say her name she freezes and her lower lip trembles like a child about to be punished. “What. The fuck.”

--

>You speaking up seemed to be the pause she needed to gather herself. Taking a deep breath, her fists clench together and it seems she’s thinking about what to say next. She looks at the floor before her blue eye comes back to you. “Anon,” Her tone is flat and controlled as she continues, “I have to go attend a business deal in a couple hours so that may result in my…business, earning several hundred thousand dollars in extra profit.”
>The way she had to find the word ‘business’ only entrenches the idea that she is some sort of crime lord, but you say nothing and let her go on. She curls and uncurls her fingers, “I don’t like the men I’ll be dealing with. In fact, they make my skin crawl and this city would be better off if they weren’t around.” She really does have a way of thinly veiling the fact that what she does isn’t legal. Or you just have an incredibly active imagination that refuses to let up.
>”I would rather do just about anything tonight than be speaking with these people. I only dropped early by for a little fun to get me into a good mood before my day was ruined.” Ariannis sighs before frowning and crossing her arms. “Just to, you know, get to know my new beau intimately instead of doing a rushed interview before things go sour. Skip right to the good parts instead of putting it off for the weekend.”
>It makes you feel slightly better that she only was waiting for you because she was horny rather than to simply scare you. It also makes you feel like she was just considering you as her newest sex toy. That doesn’t explain why she basically choke slammed you only a few seconds after admitting she was melting in your arms, though.

--

>You roll your hand in a circle for her to keep going, letting her know you’re still in the dark about what the fuck just happened. “Okay, so far so good. Lets skip forward to after you call me Romeo but just before you considered hurting me. We both get off, you said something about a shower, we make out, and then I’m getting choked out.” You look on expectantly, waiting for her to continue.
>Her ears dip and she bites her lips, still ashamed of her lack of control. That normally active tail is stock still, and she’s playing with the end of it with the hand that isn’t rubbing her collarbone. “Look, you were pretty fun. Not the best orgasm I ever had, but it’s definitely an honorable mention. Your stamina seems pretty good to, with how much effort I had to put in to return the favor.”
>She’s wrenching the end of her tail with both hands now. After a beat she realizes this and lets it go. A moment later she huffs, shaking her head while pinching the bridge of her nose. When her hand moves away, she deflates with an exasperated sigh and smiles. Whatever funk she was in seems to be over, and that ever familiar smirk finally returns. With it comes an invasion of personal space.
>You’re going to have to find some time to take some martial arts classes and improve your reflexes. At this rate, there isn’t anything you can do whenever Ariannis decides to close the distance between the both of you. White furred arms wrapped around you, and her chest was pressed against yours as she hugged herself to you. 
>There was a purr in your ear and she finally spoke up. “You cuddled. Not even my last husband cuddled. None of the men between him and today bothered. And then,” she giggles, “Well, I thought you were going to push me off the moment we were done. Tell me where the shower was while you sat there miserable, sweaty, and probably feeling more than a little used, if I can be honest with myself.”

--

>Her tone changes into an excited whispering, and her tail comes to life, “Except, you pulled me in for more. Mmff, you have no idea how much I wanted you to…take me.” Ari practically growls into your ear before nibbling at an earlobe. “I was imagining you rolling us over and just letting me have it.” Her fingers flick at your lower lip and you can spy her grin in the edge of your peripheral vision.
>You shake your head at her flirting and lustful confessional; you wish you weren’t becoming accustomed to having this cat in your personal space. Still, you weren’t even thinking of things as if you were being used once she pulled your dick out. You were pretty into everything that was happening until the last minute just now. That goes to show which of your two brains was doing the thinking until she decided to practice her choke slam on you.
>Something you’re still waiting on an explanation for, actually. “Now we’re up to the part where you manhandled me. Can I get some clarity on THAT nonsense?” Your tone causes the edge of her grin to falter for a moment but it recovers as she straddles your lap.
>Or at least she does so partially before she suddenly freezes, and instead decides to stand up. Now you’re only more lost as she starts to gather her clothes. At the moment, you’re confused, aroused, and upset, and Ari’s white furred ass bending over as she picks her clothes up off the floor is only making it more difficult to keep your thoughts in order.
>She hums to herself as she stands up straight, as she stops to look at you, blue eye focused onto you. “I don’t do well with not getting the things I want. I’m not accustomed to it, since it’s not something I usually have to deal with. And I can be a very poor sport about it.”

--

>The feeling in the room changes, and you realize you’re looking face to face with the Ariannis behind the intimidating landlady persona that you were accustomed to. “For the first time in years, since even before my husband died, I have an ache instead of just an itch that can be sated by some schmuck or a piece of battery powered plastic.” The shirt in her hands is being twisted as she speaks.
>”Anon. I don’t want to go to that meeting. If there wasn’t almost half a million on the table, I would rather be spending my evening wearing you out. So there was some…misdirected anger and I lashed out.” It feels like she’s being truthful, at least. At the same time, however, there is an oppressiveness to the way she is talking. There is no openings for you to speak up; your mind says to simply wait until she is done. You also realize that you’re likely not the first person to learn that you shouldn’t be within striking distance when someone has to tell Ariannis Labbate ‘No.’
>”When I mentioned taking a shower, I thought about taking you with me for round three. And then you grabbed me like that, and well…” She crosses her arms, and smirks, tail dashing back and forth, “If I don’t put some clothes on and put some distance from you, you’re going to end up with some scratches on your back worth at least half a million dollars.” With that, Ari laughs again, this time with a tinge of disappointment, before stepping into the bathroom.
>A few seconds later you can hear the water running. She no doubt gave herself a tour of your apartment while you were grocery shopping. And she seemed to have planned this, at least partially, ahead of time. Whether that was this morning or whenever it was she had set her eye on you for her designated human boy toy is unknown.
>You’re kind of taken aback. You certainly didn’t think you would be giving your landlady a life changing orgasm and make out session when you woke up this morning.

--

>Actually, lets be real about this; all you did was give her sex drive a jump start. She was looking for a quick distraction before a stressful business dealing, and instead she ended up with an new addiction. 
>As you slump back against the futon that now stinks to high heaven of sex and sweat, you’re left to stew with your thoughts now that Ari’s scarred body isn’t pressed to yours to act as a distraction.
>You’re still very much in a forced relationship, even if the person forcing it on you is a sex bomb. Said person has all but confirmed that their main business is likely less than legal. You still don’t know anything about the role you’re going to play in front of her ‘family’ and at the party that loomed on the horizon.
>And when you were supposed to learn this, you instead ended up making Ariannis realized she’s starved for passion in the bedroom and that’s just another plate you have to spin along with everything else. Which is just...just…
>Honestly you’re kind of alright with that part, actually. It was hard to think of Ari as some sort of mafia don when she was digging her claws into your shoulders, moaning gratefully. Or when her eye was closed tight, purring and lost in a kiss she wasn’t aware she needed.
>Realizing what you’re doing to yourself, you give yourself a light slap on the face before peeling yourself off of your biohazard of a futon. Ariannis was not a damsel in need of love, and you sure as fuck didn’t need to catch feelings for someone like her. That would make a bad situation even worse, and cut your already declining life expectancy in half.
>While muttering to yourself about how you’re still fucked in a dozen ways even if one way just happens to be fun, you busy yourself with picking up your own discarded clothes.

--

>You can’t take a shower with your girlfriend-cum-landlord occupying the bathroom. Well, you could, but you would end up costing her half a million when you inevitably end up tangled up with Ari. Which you would both enjoy tonight and for which you would probably end up getting ripped to shreds tomorrow over.
>Your dick twitches to life, ready for round three and maybe more, and thinks joining the feline in the next room under some hot water is worth the risk. Your dick’s opinion has been noted by all relevant parties, before it is reminded that it is currently under sanctions for getting you in this mess in the first place. It doesn’t seem to care, though.
>Shoulders slumping over in defeat, you carry yourself to your bedroom, tossing your clothes into a bin while trying to find a dirty towel to wipe yourself off with. You’ll still smell, but at least you won’t stick to anything.
>Finding a towel waiting for a laundry day yet to come, you start to multitask, wiping yourself down as best you could while finding something else to wear. You settle for the end-of-the-day usual of boxers and pajama pants. As you’re pulling the pants up, the sound of running water is cut off, and you jerk up straight, surprised.
>At first you wonder if Ariannis really takes that fast of a shower, but then you remember that the soaps and bathing tools in your bathroom are generally for humans. And that your shower is distinctly unprepared for feline patrons. It makes sense that all she could do is a quick rinse to get the scent of sex and sweat out of her fur before she left.
>When she finally steps out into the living room, she’s completely dressed, if a bit damp still since you don’t have any kind of towel meant to dry off anthros. Well, mostly dressed anyways. The top most buttons of her dress shirt are undone, but it’s likely she’ll go home to finish preparing for whatever was going down tonight.

--

>You really weren’t in the living room to say your goodbyes. You were just kind of standing around listlessly in all actuality. The past hour’s events had thrown your evening routine out of wack pretty hard, and now you didn’t know what to do with yourself.
>Her sigh is unexpected, and actually kind of dramatic as she walks up to you. “I guess at least one of us goes topless tonight.” She bemoans as she once again invades your personal space, nuzzling against your cheek as she wraps herself around you.
>You reach in to finish buttoning up her top. At first she’s confused, but once she figures out why you’re reaching at her chest she relaxes and lets you pop the buttons into place. “Yeah,” you reply, “Better make sure it’s the right one.”
>The feline grins, “Look at you, already playing the part. Well, the part people get to see, anyways. Romeo Anon needs to stay in his cage for now.” You’re not sure how to feel about her acting as if you have this hidden sexual persona, but you roll with it.
>Besides, this is good as any time to ask about the ‘part’ you’ll be playing. “So, you were going to tell me what I was going to have to do as your pretend lover after a quickie. Except it ended up not being just a quickie and you ran into, uh, Romeo Anon. When am I going to get my script?” Your hands slid off her chest and then by some force find themselves wrapping around her lower back. Probably because you didn’t want to stand there awkward with your hands to the side. You do your best to ignore Ari’s raised brow when they make it there.
>She tilts her head, pursing her lips in thought, “Hmm, this weekend when you get introduced to the family. We’ll go over who’s in on this being pretend and who you have to fool. And then what exactly does my pretend lover know. Things like that.”

--

>You inhale sharply, swallowing and trying to not look too distressed by the notion of having to meet Ari’s ‘family.’ She notices, and the ends of her grin turn up just a touch. Exhaling, you nod along. “Right. This weekend. Meet the family. In’s and who I’m fooling. What do I know. Got it. Then what? I go home?”
>She nods along with your listing, tilting her head again the other way as her tail flicked when you asked what would happen after the meet and greet. You worry a bit when she shakes her head, “Go home? Please. You’ll at least stay for dinner.” Oh, that’s reasonable, you guess.
>That’s when she grins and you remember who you’re dealing with. Ari brings her wet nose up to yours, “And then I’m dragging you to bed and letting Romeo Anon off his leash.” She purrs confidently.
>You can feel the lack of mental consensus on how to react to that. The part of you that’s afraid of a crime lord is terrified of the idea of spending a weekend with Ariannis. Another collective of your mental democracy speaks clearly on the dangers of Stockholm Syndrome. The debased and nude hedonists cackle in delight, knowing that neither of the other parties have a choice in the matter.
>They are all blindsided by the sudden appearance and actions of Romeo Anon, Champion of Passion, who takes command in stunning fashion. In response to her lewd promise, your face grows a smirk. Ari has hardly a moment to comment on you taking the idea so well before your head tilts and you press for a kiss. At the same time, a hand sinks low and grabs a handful of feline ass.
>She yelps at the suddenness, before groaning and sinking against you. Ari must have as little self-control as you do in these moments; instead of pushing you back to keep from making a mistake worth more than the building you live in, her hug tightens and pulls you closer.

--

>The kiss is light, and only holds for a few seconds before it breaks down into the two of you nibbling each others’ lip. Ariannis stops first, pulling a hand from around your neck to slap at your chest as she snickers, “Down boy, now isn’t the time.” Her voice is uncharacteristically low, and despite her chastisement, she doesn’t pull away when you push for another kiss.
>Now she’s giggling in between them, and once again you have to remind yourself that the anthro in your grasp coerced you into this situation. Mostly because you’re enjoying this. The contrast between her appearance and usual mannerisms, and anxiousness she’s displaying as she waits for further affection despite not wanting to actually ask for it.
>Eventually she puts an end to it, pushing off your chest with a happy sigh, “Tomorrow night is going to be a good time, Anon, don’t worry. If it isn’t, I’ll make for it. I promise.” The last two words were purred out as she straightened out her shirt, grinning from ear to ear.
>You nod, and she starts making her way to the door. As you watch her behind sway with the swagger of a confident woman, you notice the now extinguished cigar sitting in its ash tray. “Your cigar, Ari?”
>She waves it off, shrugging as she turns the door knob, “Don’t worry, hun. I see myself coming back for more than just that.” Tossing her hips for dramatic effect, she turns around to wiggle her fingers at you before leaving, “Goodnight, Anon.”
>You wave back, “Night Ari. And, uh, good luck with that business deal thing thing.” As the door closes, you have a moment to collect yourself and you make a list of what needs to be done before the weekend arrives.
>First up, the public lynching of Romeo Anon, for the crime of high treason, usurping control from the mental democracy, and potentially triggering an extinction event that could wipe out all Anon-kind.
