>”Ohh, doing some running, are ya?”
>You smiled at the old clerk, shaking your head. As you take back the little MP3 player
“Ehh, not really. Gift for a friend, and I know she’ll love it.”
>”Ohhh.~ young man like you must have a very lucky girl.”
“Not really, just a friend.”
>”I see. Have a good day!”
“Yep you too.”
>You gave a winning smile as you left, just leaving the old lady to her peace before you rolled your eyes. She was always friendly, just almost too friendly.
>Turning your key and starting your car, you get back to the quick drive to home. It was the weekend and you had a good idea on how to spend it with your roommate. Just a little running around and you can have worry free fun for once.
>With no red lights, you pull into your driveway quickly, grabbing the plastic bag and hopping out of the car.
>Up the stairs and though the door, you open it and call out
“Gatomon.”
…
“Gatomon?”
>You look up to the shelf, smirking at the disappointed face.
>”Aww. I thought I had you too.”
>You shake your head as the… white and purple cat stands up, gold ring shining on her tail as she stretches and jumps down.
“Nice try, but I’m used to it at this point.”
>”Can you blame me? it’s boring all day without anything to really do. TV sucks after a bit.”
>You shake your head at the Digimon, smiling.
“No, I can’t.”
>You think back on your strange situation. How your life got flipped-turned upside down, and you still were no prince of Bel Air.
>Power outages and tech issues that made conspiracy theorists put on a fifth tinfoil hat in full swing, you decided on a walk instead of a read by the window. That walk took you into an interesting park where two small animals were fighting.
>Fighting fucking Dragonball Z style, minus the powering up and screaming for eight seasons.
>It was like watching a train wreck. You wanted to look away, in this case… run, but you just had to watch.
>The nameless creature was defeated by a cat that walked on two legs, Gatomon, your new-found friend.
>She saw you and you ran, following you around after that. Apparently curious about you and why you watched the fight. It was during her stalking of you that another creature appeared and attacked you in hopes of finding Gatomon, or thought that you were her.
>After a rescue, and an unknown rescuer at the time running off, you couldn’t help but come back to find her. Trying to find your stalker before you even knew she was stalking you.
>It was almost like a teasing game for her. She’d give you glimpses or hints of her being around, toying with you until toying became an oddly nice chat from the shadows.
>Things… just seemed to click between the both of you. The odd night became routine. Then daily. The both of you tried to meetup and talk every chance, regardless of how late it could be.
>One of these meetups caught you in a crossfire, getting you right in the middle of a battle. Gatomon taking on another Digimon twice her size. The fierce battle causing damage to the area with both sides on the ropes.
>You still are not sure what made you call out moves or points to attack, but it just seemed obvious to you. Your actions probably saved Gatomon and gave her the upper hand.
>It’s about then that the both of you realised that you two were meant to be more then just acquaintances. Destiny apparently having some plan for you with her. You both became good partners, Digimon and Tamer by terminology, but friends for good that helped each other.
>It was all down hill form there. How she is made form Data and can absorb the power of other Digimon, where she is from, why she is here and fighting. It was all explained to you by her, even how she was following you first.
>Your highlander friend was actually putting an end to the blackouts and tech issues. Digimon fed on data, and that caused issues with everything in the area, such as sequences and such with stuff. From power grids to stop lights, it all had been impacted. That’s why they came to your world, to torment people and feed on the easy data here.
>It got stressful, playing vigilante, but you both got an unbearable urge to do something when you knew that you could save lives. One day it was just a flicker of a few lights, the next it was the whole power grid and backup generators for hospitals. You had to do something.
>Nameless heroes, taking pride in knowing that a bridge doesn’t open up in rush hour or that a struggling family doesn’t get ripped off even more in their bills. It was every hope and dream you had as a kid come true.
“Huh, what?”
>Your thoughts got shaken as you looked to Gatomon, seeing her smile.
>She jabs one of her large claws into a tin can, cranking it to cut the top off and flicking the lid open before she licks the salmon off of her claw.
>”I said that I put the dishes away.”
“Oh! Thanks!”
>You had a bit of a deal with her, money for simple chores. It was just an easy way to get house stuff done and let Gatomon earn her own fun stuff, though you wished money was a bit more plentiful.
>There was also… the project… that was going on for years.
>But… That hadn’t stopped you from making her happy the odd time.
>You sit down, sliding the bag to the bliss filled Digimon, Gatomon just in heaven with the fish she was eating.
>”What’s?”
“Check it out. You’ll love it.”
>You watch with a knowing grin as she gets the bag open, looking at the device with confusion.
>”Ummm…”
>She looks it over, reading the package with confusion before she practically jumps up in excitement.
>”Ahhh! Ahhhahaha!”
>You snicker as she hugs the device, sighing.
>Gamomon seemed to love music like it was the best thing ever made, Most of the things she listened to being things that reminded her of home.
>Apparently the Digitalworld was not too far off from yours, small towns to big cities, good and bad people, and all kinds of other things.
>Gatomon was apparently from a busier and more city like area, so the concrete jungle was already a welcomed place for her. When she found out that some of the music you had was similar to theirs, she seemed to be right at home.
>You know, right after you explained EDM meant: Electronic Dance Music and not whatever she got a little freaked out about.
>Really, it gave you a good reason to have those few EDM and techno disks still. Total garbage that you had because of a phase that you were totally over and didn’t want anything to do with. Haha.
>“This is so cool! Thankyou!”
“I’ll help you set it up later, that way you can use it whenever you want and not get the people next door on my ass again.”
>That was a fun night…
>”So… can we scout tonight then? I can practically feel other Digimon around here growing in power.”
>You hummed, looking to the clock.
“How strong?”
>”Strong enough to feel like that one who made the subways crash. I think it’s closer though. Even just a drive to get a feel for it would be good.”
>You nodded, humming.
>Though you helped her plenty in battle, Gatomon was no pushover. She was smart, knew to pick her battles, and rarely bit off more the she could chew. You just made it easier for her, being her second set of eyes.
>Even still though, you both knew to nip the bud early. Not all the Digimon feeding on data were pure evil, but anything you had to fight was better taken care of while it was still manageable. Even Gatomon had her limits.
”Okay, sure. It’s the weekend anyways, so we can do it with no real trouble.”
>”Wanna go now? Get it over with?”
“Sure.”
>You move to the door, watching Gatomon pull out the large duffle bag and climb into it. A good part of you pulling amusement from your makeshift method of covertly transporting Gatomon.
>You carry it to the car, setting it in the passenger seat and letting her get out as you get on the road.
“Any idea where?”
>”By the stores… I think… errr, West?”
>You nod, smiling as you watch the traffic when you pull on the main road.
>A thump makes you look to Gatomon, the Digimon leaning on her large paws on top of the armrest as she leans towards you you.
“Christ…”
>”Please?”
“Seriously? Every ride you do this and it draws attention.”
>”Come on… it’s not that big of a deal…”
>You inhale as she puts the tips of her claws on your arm, walking up it with her calws.
>”We can work something out I bet.~”
“I fucking regret showing you that movie.”
>You smash your hand on the play button, Gatomon laughing as she plops back in her seat.
>”Space man! Oh, space man!”
>Why.
>She always did this, she could just put it on herself, but she has to torment you by making you turn it on. You are forced to do this to yourself, and it hurts.
>And yet… you smile at the music. Hating music from the past that is not yours.
>The music halts as you get into a sinful groove, making you slow and look to Gatomon.
>She’s cracked the window and has her muzzle to it, nose twitching.
“Well?”
>”It’s close. Really close, I think.”
>You look outside, seeing the small corner stores and bakeries. Gently pulling over and parking.
“How close? What do you mean you think?”
>”It’s all over the place, the whole area and not just one spot. It’s just one, but it’s moving or moving around some how…”
>You give a sigh, looking to the alley between the buildings, seeing a small concrete clearing in it.
“Thoughts?”
>She hums, looking to you.
>”We should look down the alley. I can’t get a good sense of what it is.”
>You give a nod, Gatomon pouncing into the bag and closing it almost all the way.
>You continue on out of your car, looking around as you go down the alley. Trying to see the usual signs like claw marks or damage.
>”Anything?” Gatomon asks, muffled slightly by the bag.
“Not yet… hmm.”
>”No people?”
“No.”
>You set the bag down once you go past an old sign and fire escape, letting your Digimon partner roam about.
>She sniffs the air and looks around as you both walk, checking corners carefully.
“Well, detective? What does the scene say?”
>”It’s a Virus… getting stronger too. It’s just one, but it’s moving about the area like crazy. I can feel it everywhere.”
“Big? Small?”
>”Small…ish? It could have just arrived and tired itself out from the panic.”
>You nodded, looking behind you both and at the other walls.
>It was learned very quickly by you that Digimon tended to weaken and hide stupid well once they got into your world, needing to eat a huge amount of data to get back up to speed. Viruses being insanely hungry in comparison to others.
>And, given that it was a virus, it wanted nothing but power and distruction.
“So then… any day it will start munching away?”
>”Any hour, this one must have a lot of energy and data. It feels strong, like it’s right next to us… but it’s more like it’s been radiated onto the area around us. We should be fine though.”
“Yeah… so, hours? Guess we have plans for the weekend.”
>”Yeah…”
>You both head back to your car, and then your house, just waiting out the time with TV and food.
>This is the part that you didn’t like so much. The waiting. The tense waiting that made hours drag like you were watching grass grow, and each one made your confidence waiver more and more.
>There’s something different about knowing you are going into a fight. This sickening feeling that you can’t ignore just overwhelms you, like you know what you are about to do is going to hurt.
>You can guess Gatomon felt the same, just watching her is she stares at the Tv like she wasn’t really watching, or too busy feeling her holy ring on her tail
>The lights flicker and die for a moment, the power loss enough to shut the TV off before it dies for good.
>Gatomon jumps to the window, peering out into the darkened city as emergency lights stay on.
>”Found our friend.”
>You move to her, looking with her to see blue and green lights flicker. With your guess being it’s from the alley you both scouted.
>You sigh, nodding as you turn.
“Still waiting on that superhero suit. I’d really prefer to not get burned this time.”
>Your comment was enough to break the tension a little, Gatomon snickering.
>”Tights are a bad choice for you.”
“Are they? I could go for a Deadpool look. Though, I’d need to have charisma.”
>You both give a small laugh, just getting on the way and driving out.
>The city never seems to sleep, traffic moving slowly for what little you run into. Every single set of Stoplights flashing red as you run into them.
>Unsurprisingly, the few stores are still dark and the area is dead, only emergency lights giving any illumination. And… you know… the big fucking glow.
>A beeping fills the car as you reach into your pocket, seeing your digivice flash red.
“Gatomon?”
>”It’s feeding. I think it was just residue energy from getting here, I can feel it much better now and it’s small. Probably a rookie.”
>You open toe door, getting out.
“How you can do that is beyond me…”
>”It’s nothing special. Come on, we got a baddie to beat.”
>You fall in line behind her, letting Gatomon lead the way. It had to be this way, while you didn’t like it, she could take a hit.
>Bit by bit, you both creep forward, getting to the corner.
>”Ready?” Gatomon whispers.
“Yeah.”
>You watch her leap out, seeing the immediate shock on her face before she gets lashed across the clearing by a black tendril
>”AHhhhhh!”
“Gatomon!”
>You step out to see something monstrous, something big as you run for Gatomon.
>It looks nothing like any other Digimon you’ve seen so far, nothing at all. Most have some level of features, but this black mass with twisting blue and green light looks like something from a nightmare.
>It gives a twisted roar, tentacles gripping two large powerlines as electricity arcs between them.
>You look back to almost fall on top of Gatomon, seeing her get up in a hurry before she screams at you.
>”Anon! Run! It’s a Trojan!”
>She tackles you, knocking you both to the ground as a crash sounds. Pushing you to your feet after as you see the black length above you retract.
“What the hell?!”
>”It’s a Trojan! It’s masking it’s power! Run!”
>You stumble as you break for the alley, hearing another ghastly roar and crash before you get shoved again. Landing heavily on your side and shoulder once you meet the gorund.
>You look back in time to see Gatomon get grabbed, being pulled back as the creature pulls her and other objects to it. The old fire escape being one of them, making part of the building and most of the metal fall.
>Springing up like you got an electric shock, you dive again, hearing the crash as you land. Your heart pounding as you roll and sit up.
“Gatomon!”
>You get up and move for the rubble, heart pounding before you stop dead at it.
>There is no way you can get over this, not safely, more bits of concrete or brick falling.
>Turning, you run for the street, sprinting to try and get around to the other side. The roars and yells from the battle on the other side of the buildings being loud and clear
“Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.”
>You turn the corner and see the opening, going for it as the noise settles.
>A lump forms in your throat as you fear the worst, Gatomon coming into view as you run for her. The faint blue glow of a digital stream flowing from a fading body as she absorbs the data.
>Gatomon flops as it ends, her body… doing… oh no.
>Your body freezes up slightly as you see her blur and fade, like a VCR tape that is fucked up beyond watching. Gatomon’s body looking like it could disappear any moment.
>You knew what this was, it happened when Gatomon defeated other Digimon and they were on the brink form being data for the taking.
“Gatomon…”
>She huffs, groaning as you pick her up and get her facing up.
>“Nhh…”
“Gatomon.”
>”I’m… sorry…” she says, voice sounding staticky or disrupted
>You can feel yourself choke up, looking over her.
“What do I do? What can I do?”
>”Home…”
>You don’t even think about the request, cursing yourself for not bringing your car as you rush back around with your friend in your arms.
>The whole ride is a blur as you speed home, not even sure if the lights you went through had others at it. Gatomon being the point of your attention the entire ride.
>Out and in the door, you look over her again, seeing her in what you think is a more stable state.
“Gatomon?”
>”Sorry… m-mistake…”
“I don’t care… you okay? What can I do?”
>“Used data… fine… bed…”
>You sigh, heart wrenched still as you move to the homemade hammock she slept in.
>Pausing, you change course to your room.
“I’m keeping an eye on you tonight.”
>”Sorr…”
>You gently set her down on your bed, carefully climbing onto it and watching her.
>Nothing happens as you watch her, arm around her as she grunts or groans.
“Please be okay…”
>You feel her grab onto your arm and squeeze, partially putting your heart at rest.
>You shift and lay down, sleepily watching her, getting a spark of energy as she fades the odd time.
>Part of you jumps when you open your eyes, sunlight shining in as you set your eyes on Gatomon’s familiar face. None of the blurs or distortions happening.
>You sigh, closing your eyes as you relax, just happy to see she is okay. Feeling her pressing against you and to your legs.
>She is okay, you are okay, things are fine, and Gatomon’s legs are NOT that long!
>Giving a grunt as you get a rush, you groan a little louder when you feel pain along your body.
>Gatomon groans herself rolling and giving a cute yelp as she yawns, beginning a stretch. The whole moment making you notice several things.
>The first two big things you notice is that Gatomon has two sizable breasts, both very much not there before. The rest are not minor details either, she has more human like features too. Longer legs and arms, bigger ears, a larger body too.
>Your voice is trying to play catch-up like your brain, nothing coming out as she sighs happily and moves back, looking to you after.
>”Anon… Anonymous?”
“Auhh…”
>Gatomon gives you a confused look, your eyes still looking over her body before she clues in and looks down.
>She gasps and pushes up, eyes wide as she looks at herself.
>”W-wha-why-my body!”
>She feels the fur covered torso and legs that she has, like she can’t believe they are real.
>She then goes for her tail, sighing loudly as she grabs onto her holy ring, holding it like it’s the only safety she has.
“Gatomon, easy.”
>She pouts, looking at you with scared blue eyes.
>”Anon…”
>You pull her close, hugging her as she gives a small whimper. Some pain going through your right arm and body.
>It’s a good bit before anything else happens, you being the first to speak.
“How could this have happened? You okay?”
>”Yeah…”
>You let go slightly as she moves, Gatomon looking at herself guiltily.
>”I don’t know… I think… I made a mistake.”
“A mistake?”
>”I used the data to try and heal myself, the data from that Virus… it was that or… every last bit I took form it felt wrong, not like anything else I took before.”
>She sighs, looking to her giant paws.
>”Something… is very different with that data. I can feel parts of it slowly being… absorbed.”
“Are you going to be alright?”
>”I think so. It’s just so… something is not right. That was no normal Digimon, even for a virus. It’s taking longer to process and understand.”
>You sigh, nodding and looking to the clock. The digital display flashing, indicating the power is on.
“One step at a time… for now…”
>You look to Gatomon, looking away after.
“Err… Let’s get you clothed.”
>You get up, trying to avert your eyes and you get a shirt and some pants for your naked partner. Deciding it to be best and decent to leave her to get dressed by herself while you try to drum up breakfast.
>Thankfully, toast and eggs are easy enough. A clothed Gatomon moving to the living room as you get cooking and staying there.
>You soon go back around with food, being stopped in your tracks by what you see.
>Gatomon lays naked on the couch, back arching with the armrest as she feels her ears, noticing you.
“Uh.”
>”Sorry... Those things are too stuffy and hot, I feel like I’m suffocating with them on.”
“Right…”
>You alredy had the conversation as to why humans wore clothes with her, and this probaby was not the best time to address the clothing issue.
>Breakfast feels rather awkward, the naked cat woman Digimon next to you being hard to ignore. The reason for your emotions being a mystery to you too.
Grabbing the dishes and rinsing them, you go back to see Gatomon stretching again, the full change on her body now being brought to attention.
>Her hips and lower body are as ample as her breasts, not huge, but easily noticeable. The rest is proportionate to her new body and shaped with what can only be describes as sexy curves.
>You look away as part of you feels guilty for ogling your friend, swallowing roughly.
>”So um…”
>Eyes going back to your friend, your feelings are conflicted again at the new sight of Gatomon.
>She’s bent over, giving you a rather appealing view of her from behind, a slit you see making sure to drive across the point of how much her body has changed home.
>Not like you haven’t seen a woman naked before, or were a virgin still, it was just so jarring.
>Gatomon comes back up, trying to give a smile as she holds up a movie.
>”Movie?”
“Sure…”
>You pause for a moment, sighing.
“Actually… Can we try some clothes again first? Let you try on a few things and see what is more comfortable?”
>Gatomon looks annoyed, crossing her arms.
>”They are really uncomfortable.”
“Okay then… how about we get an idea for what you can manage and we can buy some? I can send you pictures of what I find, you can say yes or no, and this gives ou time to think over the data you got. Then, a movie to reax with.”
>Gatomon’s ears fall slightly, A frown on her muzzle as she nods.
>Crap.
>”Alright…”
“I’m sorry, but just try, allright? Come on.”
>You go back to your room, setting up some clothes for Gatomon and letting her go through the bunch. Partially wondering why you didn’t just do this off the bat in the beginning.
>Oh yeah, the normal abnormal is now not normal.
>Some time after, you both had a broader idea as to what Gatomon can manage. Most of the cause being that sleeves and legs that were too long rubbed her fur the wrong way.
>You set out, being left to your thoughts as you drive.
>This thankfully wasn’t the first time you did this with Gatomon, it was the only way you could buy thing for her with out getting caught.
>Not so thankfully, this new form of hers presents a big problem… you can’t exactly drag a body bag around to hide her in like the duffle bag. Her new form was twice or thrice the size of her original knee height body. She was up to your chest now.
>You look to the buildings with some lingering fright, seeing the stores where you encountered that Virus last night. People alredy trying to clear the rubble and officers trying to figure out… anything.
>You snicker, smiling slightly at their situation.

