	You awaken to a soft mass being pressed against your back, something rubbing across your chest as well. You open your eyes and see a yellow speckled arm tracing your chest with its clawed fingers.

“Who's this?” You ask, still groggy from being woken up so early.

“Me.” Miyu replies.

“Why are you holding me?” You ask her, unsure of what her plan is.

“Because I wanted to make sure you were safe.” She replies. “You know we're all alone here, right?”

“We are?” You ask.

	Miyu releases you and you look around, seeing that you are indeed alone in the shamans house.

“He knew exactly what I wanted and told me that I could do anything that I wanted in here.” Miyu says with a giggle. “That means we can do anything we want~.”

“You don't mean...” You say, trailing off.

“Yup. You and I are going to rut like dirty, disgusting animals all day today.” Miyu tells you.

“W-why?” You ask, unsure if you should go ahead with this. “We barely know each other and Fox is supposed to be making pasta-”

“I don't care what Fox is making today. Your musk sent me into a breeding frenzy the first time we met and I haven't been able to shake it since.” She tells you, getting on top of you. “You and I are fucking, right here, right now.”

	You know that anything you say and do is going to be in vane, so you just decide to roll with it. Miyu almost rips your pants off, as well as your underwear, revealing your morning wood to the world.

“I see somebody's ready for me~.” Miyu says, taking off her own pants.

	She reveals a wet and almost glistening slit, so red it was almost glowing. She wastes no time in rubbing it against the tip of your now throbbing dick, biting the bottom of her lip as she moans quietly.

“Mmm~ I'm gonna have so much f-fun with this dick of yours.” Miyu says with a slight catch.

	She grabs your throat and squeezes it, giving you a devious grin when she does. You almost instinctively go for her arm, but stop yourself before you can do anything. Just let her have her fun and be done with it.

“I'm gonna fuck you like this and you're g-gonna like it.” She says, rubbing herself on your cock to lubricate you.

	When she feels ready, she slowly lowers herself onto you, inhaling sharply before letting a moan escape her lips. She sits there for a while, twitching and squeezing your cock as she bites her bottom lip again. She finally works up the nerve to begin moving, her hand loosening around your neck as she does so. She moans before covering her mouth, keeping the moans quiet as she slowly rides down on your dick.

	You feel her begin to go faster before she takes her hand off your neck, gritting her teeth and slamming her eyes shut. Her ears fold back and you feel her folds squeeze on your dick as she collapses on top of you.

“F-fuck! I can't do it!” She yells in frustration. “I can't fucking do it!”

“What?” You ask. “What's wrong?”

“I can't fuck you god dammit! I'm too weak!” She yells, angry at herself for not being able to finish either of you off. “Y-you feel too fucking good!”

	You put an arm around her as she continues to squeeze your dick, prompting you to pull out of her. You hear her begin to sob, her chest rising and falling sporadically as she does so.

“I-I can't even move myself when I'm t-trying to mate.” She says, trying to contain her sobs. “All that b-boxing and I can't even work up the strength to f-fuck the guy I like.” 

“Wait, you like me?” You ask.

“Y-yes! I like you, you stupid idiot!” She says, slamming a fist against your chest, causing you to groan in pain. “S-sorry.”

“Well, you don't have to do any of this if you don't want to. I can do all the work if that's what you really want.” You tell her, rubbing your chest with your free hand. “I'll do my best.”

“R-really? You'd do that for me?” She asks.

	You nod, pushing her off to the side.

“How do you want to do this? On your back or on your front?” You ask.

“On my back, please.” Miyu tells you, getting on her back.

	You get in position in front of her, lining yourself up with her small frame. She's purring with delight at the sight of you hovering over her, ready to pounce.

“D-do it.” Miyu tells you. “Pound me like we're the last two people on Solitude.”

	You stick your dick inside her awaiting pussy and she moans, pulling herself up to you and clinging to you for dear life. Her entire body wracks at the sensation and she trembles, squeezing and pulling on your cock with her folds. She relaxes after panting for a while, content with herself.

“Did you just-”

“Y-yes...” Miyu says, letting you go. “I-I couldn't help myself.”

“That's okay.” You say with a gentle smile. “Mind if I keep going?”

“P-please. Keep going.” She tells you. “O-or I'll beat your ass, I swear.”

	You pull yourself out before thrusting back in, earning a loud moan from Miyu, who clamps around you tightly. You pull yourself back out and thrust in again, earning another moan from her. This repeats until Miyu starts pushing against you, urging you to go faster.

“M-more, please, I need more!” Miyu yells, moving herself along the mat.

	You oblige, picking up the pace and relishing in her ecstatic moans. She grasps the back of your neck, pulling you down to her as you both get lost in the sensation of sex. As you go even faster, you feel a pressure build up in your groin.

“I-I'm close.” You tell her at the expense of your own pleasure. “Y-you ready?”

	She just nods and continues moaning into you as the pressure builds from scratch. You grit your teeth and thrust inside her hard, causing Miyu to moan in ecstasy. Her moans turn to squeals as you feel yourself climax, shooting hot sticky man milk into her awaiting womb. Ropes of your thick cum coat the inside of her as she pulls herself onto you, climaxing as well. She milks you for everything she's worth, pulling even the smallest strand of baby batter from your cock.

	You roll both of you over, still inside of one another as the mixture of your juices seeps from Miyu and onto the mat. Hopefully the shaman won't mind.