Rabbits, being natural prey, invest heavily into self defense. Thanks to their high reproductive rates, they can quickly supply soldiers and recuperate loses as litters are taken and trained in warfare as the species is under constant stress and paranoia of death.
A warrior culture is prominent there, with young rabbits being conscripted as child soldiers. The rabbit equivalent of a middle schooler has several lethal techniques under their belt, and has the ingrained mindset that the world around them wants them dead.
Education consists of not just combat training, but a reasonable, although arguably less important, formal education. Usual mathematics, reading, and sciences are in the curriculum; but history and religion have special regards that place it out of normal schooling. These two subjects are particularly intertwined, and they hold their beliefs in daily life and in battle. Their undying faith in their lagomorphic deity and reverence for the "First Litter" has led them to seemingly instinctually to dominate natural predators, especially carnivores, believing them to be of demonic descendance of the "Ancient Demons" that have preyed against their God and "First Litter."
Their loyalty to their faith, in combination with their war-like culture, has caused major diplomatic, interspecies, and international incidences and headaches for decades. The hoarding banned weapons and the installation of nuclear weapons has only increased tensions.
In all of history, many technological advancements have been made due their need in wartime, and wars have changed due to technological advancements in peacetime. The lagomorphs are something of an outlier, as they believe themselves to be in a constant cold war with the world. As such, they have arguably the best weapons technology, despite lacking in other technological respects (ex. Their internet is less reliable and only exists for communication of necessity).
One such weapon is the current construction an orbital station capable of kinetic bombardment that is planned to allow for asynchronous orbit, specifically over perceived enemy nations. Worldwide controversy ensued, as it defied peace treaties that specified space and other cosmic bodies be only used for peaceful purposes even if they never agreed to it. In an official statement, the government said "It is for defensive purposes only. We do not seek to collapse others' dens, only support our own.
International alliances are still discussing solutions.
Now, the lagomorphs are in a peaceful state, but their culture still persists. In international sporting competitions, rabbits push themselves to their limits in order to best their supposed "oppressors," especially in competitions where they may naturally falter in, such as swim races or weight lifting.
Their tenacity isn't just displayed in profesional sports, but also in interspecies schooling. It isn't uncommon to see high school sports teams having a sizable portion of nothing but rabbits, and those that scout them out personally.
Team composition is a natural issue when considering interspecies relationships. Coaches take the easy route by having teams with a majority of a select species and "compatible diversity" picks. For lagomorphs, they are extremely compatible with other herbivores (especially those they consider weaker), and reluctant to associate with carnivores in any way, but will cooperate with certain omnivores, such as humans and apes.

https://twitter.com/ateliernikichi?s=09
https://desuarchive.org/trash/thread/31129687/