Anon and his gamer Hyena friend Leena take a walk in the park in autumn time, and her mind runs wild with romantic thoughts through the whole day.

"It's so nice out today Anon, I'm glad you bugged me to take a walk with you around the park, I thought it would be boring but, it's fun!"

>See, I told you it isn't just about "dumb leafs" you can really appreciate the beauty of this time of year

He really does love the outdoors, I have no idea why when he could be in the warm indoors wrapped in blankets and playing overwatch with snacks and Coco, I'll never get humans. Man, all this walking is making me thirsty.

"Hey, Anon, can we please~ get some coffee at the outdoor restaurant, I'm in the mood for pumpkin spice".

>Yeah sure, I'll get them, my treat!, You go sit down and get us a table and I'll go get them, be right back~!.

Hmmm, where to sit,...ah!, Here's good!, there's an awful lot of people here today, rrrrgh~ now I wish I came better dressed than my old tattered jeans and my hoodie...nah I love my hoodie. Wait...are people here on dates?! Why'd he come to this park, well, those group of girls aren't...is that girl talking about me?, she keeps giggling to her, stupid. Friends; Yeah, you keep laughing bitch, I'd snap your pretty little neck like a toothpick, probably thinks she's better than me. I bet everybody loves her, probably loads of friend's, has a boyfriend who loves her, her looks,and her femmine grace and-.

>Whew, sorry about the wait, queue was a nightmare! Well, here you go!, One, Pumpkin spice latte for you and, one Americano for me. Enjoy~.

"Thanks Anon, I don't know how you can drink that stuff so strong"

Mmmh it's so good, I could stay here all day, I wonder if Anon's cold out here, he's dressed so smart, his grey pea coat, and his houndstooth scarf.And I'm just wearing my shredded Jeans a hoodie with a grim reaper on it and no shoes! ugggh~ why god, why do you hate me so. He really looks good in winter clothes, that coat looks really nice on him, and that scarf too, He really is fashionable, that scarf wrapped tenderly round his neck, his grey pea coat that accentuates his build, his warm smile- Gah! What am I thinking! This is your friend your talking about snap out of it!.

>You ok?, You look like you saw a ghost or something.

"N-No no haha, I- I'm fine!, It's just, hmmm so good haha, I could eat pumpkins all day"

What! your not EATING pumpkins your DRINKING! Stupid girl, why are you acting wierd...it's not like he'd be interested you anyway, he's a human, he probably likes human girls anyway, with thier small waist, beady small eyes, and there sun-burn or whatever humans have. I'm just a animal; A dumb, boyish animal who doesn't act like a girl should, curse my hyena genes. Maybe If I was a human he'd love me, I guess we'll just be friends forever...and nothing more.

>Hey I'm finished with my coffee, you finish yours?.

"Yeah... I'm done..."

>You ok Leena?, You seen blue

"Yeah I'm fine, let's keep walking"

>Great! there's this spot I really wanted to show you, follow me,

He's holding his hand out! Oh my god!.

"U-um ok"

Wow, I've never holded his hand like this, I mean, we've held hands before, haven't we?, But...it's so nice his skin is so soft to hold, so smooth...and here I am with my grubby, hairy, disgusting paw wrapped round it. 

"Anon are you ok... with holding my hand, it's not too...scary feeling is it?"

>What!, No, of course not, god, you can be so wierd sometimes haha.

Yep, I'm wierd, maybe I was just looking to much into this.

>Look; you see those leafs, there dying, sounds morbid I know, but, even though there dying, there's a certain beauty in it, don't you think?. These colours, all beautiful shades of yellow, gold, and red, until there's nothing left, and then there back again and back to this stage again always repeating the cycle. I've always liked this time of year, I'm glad you decided to come with my today Leena.

I've never seen him talk like this before!, he's usually so reserved and quiet, Does he talk like this when I'm not with him?, I mean, we have fun talking into the night, playing games, and stuff right?. He'd always play with me, go to cons with me. Have food together. His eyes gleaming with happiness when ever we'd have take away, his pearly white smile when I'd show him some dumb meme or YouTube clip on my phone, The way he'd run his fingers through his hair when he was losing, and his shirt would rise up showing that smooth human body of his; Why can't he love me?, I know I'm a animal deep Down but I still walk like a human, talk like a Human...love like a Human. I've gotta say something, it's a now or never moment.

"Of course Anon, I'd always want do make you happy, what are friends for,...I know I'm not the most, Womanly type or do girly things and would mostly just play online with you, but I can act like a human too, I'm not above doing the simple things in life, especially with you...Anon."

>You don't know how much that means to me...we're here 

What!, It's just some gazebo we came all this way for this?

"Okay~, we're here anon, what's so special about, some dumb gazebo"

O-oh my god his face I said said something wrong, wait, let me think, hmmm, okay, okay,...it's quite, there's nobody around, just us and the trees.

"Wait Anon, I'm sorry, it's... beautiful, the autumn breeze, the quite serenity of it all, just us. It's perfect"

That's better, that's the loving happy anon I know, I guess we're going inside, it's very small quite deceptive from the- oh! He's grabbed both my hands and now he's standing in front of me!, w-what's going on?

"A-anon you're quite close to me"

>Leena; I've known you for a while now, and I'm now I'm past the point of being just friend's, I've started feeling more and more affection towards you, and I wanted the right time to say something

"B-But Anon!, I'm just a anthropomorphic animal! I'm not like those female Humans, I'm not sweet or even Femmine, you can't be serious about what you're saying"

>I love you because your you, I love your big amber eyes, your sliver grey fur with your midnight coloured snout, your cute gaming related clothes, your beautiful werewolf like feet. There's a hundred human girls out there, but there's only one Leena.

"Oh Anon, I love you too! I was trying to hi-"

Hmmph~ his tounge is in my snout!...his tounge is so warm and tastes like coffee. He, he actually loves me! I can't believe he would actually want someone like me,

"Oh, Anon, I love you...I can see why you chose this place, it really is beautiful"

>Yeah, I had it in mind, where I would tell you how I felt, I'm glad I chose this place.

"Yeah me too, I'll never forget this moment Anon" 

>Me too, Now come on, whadya say we go back to my place and play some games

"Oooh~ Anon, you know what a girl wants to hear"

I knew he was aching to get back and play as much as I was. He's really got a smile on his face

>>Finally, now we can get out of this snooze fest.

The end.