AW YISS BOI HAVE ANOTHER ONE
--
http://desu-usergeneratedcontent.xyz/trash/image/1482/09/1482090330330.jpg
WIMMIN AND GETTING READY, AMIRITE?


The panties in your hands, still warm and bearing a potent scent of perfume and musky arousal, were left outside the door to the bathroom from which you had emerged , sharply dressed-if you do say so yourself-and ready to partake in a night on the town.

The magenta thong, a mere shadow of a proper garment, belonged to one Madam Justine Orderre, a gentlewoman and sole beneficiary of a very substantial inheritance, who was meant to be your companion for the evening. Or perhaps it was better said, you would be her companion. Observed through a narrow lens, you might be accused of being, simply put, a gold digger. You resented any such classification. Sure, it may have just been so that it was on Justine’s dollars that you now owned your first non-third hand car and wore a watch on your wrist that could consistently tell the actual time, but your meeting and *ahem* hitting off with Justine was quite void of any predatory intent. You begin to make your way towards the bedroom, seeking to amend the misplacement of the panties. 

Indeed, when your eyes find the figure you had been searching for, you can say without lie that money is far from the majority reasoning for your relationship with the cougar (double entendres, geddit).

Broad hips bear a thick, round ass, leading to thick thighs painted with golden brown and creamy white fur. A short dress is tightly wrapped around her full figure, stretched almost beyond the limits of mundane materials by some of the biggest tits you have ever seen.

Justine had been the recipient of more than a small number of “personal augmentations”, how many exactly you had no guess, it was not in the realm of discussion. Whatever the exact quantity, it meant that Justine was an exceptionally well put together woman of 53.

She admires her entirely admirable bod in a full wall mirror, pushing at her bust to enhance her already monumental cleavage, pursing her onyx lips and making motions to kiss at the air. Her skirt, scandalously short at best, is raised up onto the curves of her ass. Framed by round chain glasses, her eyes meticulously avoid you.

You walk forward, making no attempt to hide the bulge in your pants. You come up behind Justine, who looks off to the side in transparent glee.

“Excuse me, madam,” you spread a palm across the small of her back, just above her twitching tail, and raise up the magenta scrap of cloth “I do believe you lost something.”

She slowly turns her head to regard you with half lidded blue eyes that widen in theatrical disbelief. 

“Those simply cannot be MY panties, sir. Why, mine are right he-“ she makes a show of bending over and spreading her legs, exposing her bare pussy to your eyes. She gasps, throwing up a hand to her lips.

“Good heavens, it seems you are right! Do be a dear,” she emits a rumbling purr alongside the last word “and put them back where they belong?” She lifts one leg, inviting you to knee down. Face level with her rump, the smell of her arousal fills your nose and makes your cock twitch painfully. Resisting the urge to bury your face in the crevice of her butt, you slip the panties over one leg, and then the other, raising them up her shapely legs and with some effort over the mountains of her buttocks.

Your hands are on her like lightning, grabbing onto whatever catches your eye. The woman giggles and wiggles her hips.

“Look what you’ve done,” you breathe “the one time we might be able to get on with our night plans on time, and you had to go and start showing off…” you squeeze each swell of her breast, cup the curvature of her cheeks and administer appreciative pats to the flesh. 

“Ooh, well, aren’t  kids today grabby?” her ass, barely concealed beneath the lewdly short skirt of her dress, bumps and slides against your restrained cock “If you don’t get yourself under control, we might just have to cancel the whole schedule.”

You dip your head to kiss at the side of her neck while your fingers squeeze the plump butt grinding against you. You murmur.

“I suppose I might not be opposed to a change in itinerary.” 

“Well, I hope you meant that, because right here, right now, I’m going to bounce this big round butt on your thick cock!
 
“PffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffftHAAAAAAAAAA!” the guffaw breaks from your throats before you can help yourself. It’s followed by a string of cackling, gasping, and crowing in mirth. Justine looks shocked and then a deep blush spreads on her cheeks and she scowls, turning away and crossing her arms.

You’re laughing so hard you fall to your knees and then onto your ass. Part of your mind is aware and screaming at you to stop laughing like an idiot at your sugar mama’s dirty talk, but the rest of it is aware and screaming at the older woman using dialogue fit for anonymous internet roleplay (hurr hurr)

“Well EXCUSE me for getting into the mood!” Justine harrumphs, adjusting her glasses. Oh God she’s cute when she’s mad.

You slap yourself and eventually manage to get yourself back under control “You were too old for that kind of dirty talk BEFORE that kind of dirty talk existed! But…” you gather yourself back into a crouch “If you insist.” 

You rise swiftly back to standing and press forward, shoving Justine up against the glass wall and crushing your hips against her backside. She makes a sound of surprise as her ample bosom is squashed against the mirror and throws you an indignant look over her shoulder “And who says that I do?”

You lean in close, close enough that you can see the quick, excited breaths of Justine against the glass-excited in spite of her flippant front-and murmur “I do.”

She doesn’t respond, but closes her eyes as a powerful tremble runs down her back. For a moment you are concerned  that you went overboard and begin to pull away when her surprisingly dexterous tail snakes around your waist, barring your retreat.

“For fffffuck’s sake, Anon. First you say I’m over-acting and then you can’t seem to take a hint. Let me put it simply:” She jerks her hips back, ass colliding solidly against your cock. She fixes you with heavy lidded eyes and quirks a defined eyebrow.

“How about it now champ, get the picture?”

Crystal clear. Your shirt and pants are quickly removed, your undershorts almost snatched off of your body by one impatient cougar hand. Your cock finds its way between the perky cheeks and you hump gently, squishing against her buttocks, the soft give of the flesh, silky touch of fabric and the springy return driving your libido wild.

“Looks like you won’t be needing these after all,” you hook a thumb under the band of her panties and slide them down to fall on the ground. A kick from her foot tosses them back across and out of the room.

 You take your cock and press it against the seeping puffy lips of her nethers, prompting a stiffening of her back and a slight gasp. You smile in devilish anticipation. You lean in close and breathe into one ear. “Get ready, baby.”

She’s so wet already that you slip inside her with ease, yet a maddening tightness grips your organ as you grasp her broad hips and pull her down until you’re buried to the hilt.

You hold the pose, balls deep, and notice that Justine is holding her breath, eyes wide and mouth half-slack. Now it was time to get her loud.

Your fingers creep under the edge of her cleavage, and you yank down sharply, pulling away the taut fabric and freeing Justine’s enormous tits. You thrust in, hard and purposefully. You’re rewarded with what you wanted to see, her milky white titties jiggle and bounce from the impact. On and on you drill into her, occasionally interspersing your handholds with spanks of her meaty rear or tugging on her tail or hair.

Appearing almost dizzy, Justine stretches out her arms to brace against the mirror. You take no moves to be gentler in your treatment, and proceed to fuck her even harder, your balls slapping against the feline’s body.

“Fuck! I know girls half your age who don’t have pussies this tight.”

Her outstretched hands press to the mirror, her nails scraping lightly across the surface as her breasts wobble in time with your thrusts. Her fully extended arms bend until her face meets the mirror, which quickly begins to fog with the moist heat of her panting breaths. A black smudge of lipstick appears on the glass where her mouth brushed across. Her lolling tongue next connects and slides up. She purses her moaning lips and plants them on the mirror, before again licking and kissing, lavishing kisses and lustful licks to the glass in some apparent auto-erotic fuge. You paw possessively at her luscious love pillows, pinching the dark nipples and groping their weighty heft.

Justine pauses in her mirror ministrations to throw back her head, glasses askew, eyes rolled up.

“Claim me you beast, ram that cock inside of me. Keep rutting me and don’t dare slow down. My pussy is yours! Breed me like the young stud you are! Oh! Yes! How does it feel to be deep inside a real woman, Anon? How can any airhead schoolgirl compare to a lady who knows how to make her man feel good? Nnghhhh, oh Anon, you make me feel so gooooooooood!”

Well, you can’t argue with any of that.

You seize Justine’s arms just below the wrists and tug them back, arching her back sharply and leaving her half bent, suspended by your grip as you pound in and out of her. The cougar’s breasts bounce and her firm, mature ass smacks satisfyingly.

You increase the pace of your thrusts to the limits, inexorably climbing to the peak.

Justine hangs unresisting in your grip, hair a scruffled mess and her glasses fallen from their perch to her chest, where they bounce along with her tits. Her legs are locked and twitching, hem of her dress ridden up to the obstruction of her tail, as if to grant you as much access as possible to her warm, wet slit.

You continue to drive her mercilessly as you feel orgasm approach, and even on after the lightning bolt of  pleasure streaks through your body and your cock begins emptying into your lover. Your head falls forward against the back of her shoulder and you bite down, animalistically securing her in place while one hand seizes one huge breast and the other clawing at one thigh. Justine screams and her arms reach back, her own claws scratching at your bare skin. You stay like this, a gripping, groping, howling, thrusting mess of bodies until the white hot torrent of pleasure fades into an afterglow of gratification and throbbing scratches.

You finally release your hold and airily make your way to collapse on the bed, soaking the sheets in sweat and other fluids. If you smoked, you would probably have an entire pack shoved into your mouth.

“You really know how to make an old dame feel alive,” she purrs

“Well, if the other ‘old dames’ out there even come close to all *this*,”you say, tracing a finger across the curve of one cheek “ I might just wind up getting too used to the idea of mature ladies.”

She chuckles, then rolls over and is suddenly straddling you, voluptuous form pinning you beneath her.

“ *Other* old dames? Oh my, in that case I suppose I’ll just have make sure I keep you right here where I can keep an eye on you…” lips spreading in a wide, toothy grin, she takes her huge bust and leans down, smothering you in her tits.