Title: Apart
Author: Invisanon
Genre: HMoFA
Tags: Syncretic Evolution, Smut, 

Foreward: I needed an outlet, so have some smut. If you like my work, check the pastebins: https://pastebin.com/u/InvisanonReborn

____

And there he was. He shot his eyes left and right, not quite sure why he crossed into this walled-off side of town. Now that he was here, he had to ask, what the had he been thinking?. Oh, he knew deep down, but hindsight was leaning over his shoulder at the edge of his vision and viciously taunting him. “Oh, Anon, what did you do to get yourself here?” he murmured under his breath. In the dim and dingy room, the beasts had themselves draped across tattered furniture and the floor. Some were piled together. Others had a small but noticeable buffer of air between their groups. Empty pizza boxes littered the floor and a skunky smell floated in the air, accenting the resonant animal musk that filled the place and stung at his nose. Anon stepped past a man- an animal really- sprawled across the floor. The cougar opened one of his yellow eyes and followed him, boring a hole in his back. Anon was out of place, and he felt every brush of attention that crossed over him.

Since the uplifting plague zooinoticly shifted to a few species closest to mankind and those species’ nearest relatives, these animals came screeching out of the woods, shambling on hind legs in their unhinged and self-taut manner. They grew more human with each of their successive, short-lived generations. Like fruit flies, one could observe dramatic changes in them over the period of a decade. They were too human to ignore even if they were very few in number. The callous wished to cast them back in the wilderness to live like wild apes. The bleeding hearts wished to take care of their each and every need and welcome them into society. One half-assed attempt at integration later, and their bestial instincts, still strong and still fiercely independent and aggressive to the core, lead to bloody conflict. The violence lead to dead furs. The dead furs lead to great, furious tears from both the fur-haters on behalf of the humans caught up in the swath and from the bleeding hearts on behalf of the confused, maladapted furs. History does nothing if not repeat itself, and safe spaces for the furs sprouted up near the cities. These furry neighborhoods where largely unpoliced and left to their own devices unless someone wandered out of their hole to cause trouble among polite society.

And yet despite following all these events avidly with xenophile fascination, Anon somehow did not picture this dilapidated state. The neighborhood was not old. It was lived in and uncared for, however. Still, as he watched these human-like animals speaking in a crude dialect of English, impeded by their differences of lingual anatomy, Anon felt the surreal experience of meeting something alien to himself. He wanted to gawk with wonder, but the sensation of his back being lined up for a shiv and his neck for a raking put him too on edge to absorb it all in the moment. Interspecies violence was a statistical blip- or so Anon told himself- and it all seemed like a magnifying glass had been passed over the worst of everything to feed the twenty-four hour new cycle- or so Anon told himself. Really, they were getting more human all the time, and it’s not like it was in the beginning when they were all still confused and feral- or so Anon told himself. Something in the atmosphere put him on edge despite what he was telling himself.

Why he had he come here again? Right! Anon had lurked and shitposted on many websites where some of these half-educated and semi-sapient animals resided. They were adapting to technology as they festered in their ghettos, and Anon got to see plenty of videos uploaded of the fascinating creatures doing all sorts of things. On the image boards- you know the ones- sometimes you might even find videos of them doing fighting, fucking, or doing weird shit for reasons that would only make sense to their strange brains. It was through this internet lurking that Anon had caught wind of a get together within driving distance of the cramped apartment he rented with three friends. All welcome, it had said. It seemed pretty clear that humans were implied to have an invite by the random head of Harold hiding his pain mixed in with the dark eyes of many bestial faces that had been shopped onto the image acting as the party’s flier. The price of admission was pizza, beer, or something called “growl” or “G” which Anon assumed was a hard drug. But, he needed to lurk more before he could clue himself in. Not wanting to be too unsightly, Anon put on a short-sleeved shirt with a collar and the pair of jeans he had that still had no holes before picking up his entry ticket on the way over. He bought three pizzas. They were cheap and on sale, and it only set him back fifteen bucks. The part that hurt his wallet was the twenty-four pack of an American Lager. 

The door had been open, and Anon walked right on in past those mingling outside. He got the side eye from the one or two on the porch,  but they otherwise didn’t bother Anon. Now that he had arrived, Anon felt painfully overdressed, like that guy who was trying to upstage everyone. Most of them wore clothes that were meant for people but did not quite fit them. Their limb ratios or the shape of their legs was not quite right. He saw a wolf, a big, brutish looking thing with a calm but serious demeanor was on one sofa, arms and legs spread wide to hog the entire sofa. His pants were cut off at the knee to allow for his huge digitigrade feet. His paws looked big enough to support the bulky beast above them. His shirt was more of a vest now, and his white fur puffed out of the middle. It hung awkwardly on his shoulders. His neck was too thick for the head-hole, a problem that seemed common among them all. Women had the best luck finding clothes that fit. Dresses, skirts, tube tops, spaghetti straps, and the like were ubiquitous. Anon caught himself looking at a too-short skirt on an overgrown rodent, a rat with a continuously twitching nose. She had big hips that strained the skirt and a more petite upper body. Anon couldn’t quite make out the wagon she was dragging with the way her long, pink tail disrupted the outline of her skirt as it trailed behind her. She was on a small phone that looked like one of the cheap ones that government programs provided. As she operated the screen, the phone zipped along her palm like a bar of soap. A loud, shrill squeak rose up from her as she excitably tried to snatch it before it hit the ground. She managed to break its fall, but it still skittered across the floor. The rat stepped forward and bent over, causing her skirt to ride up her ass as her tail lifted to balance her. Anon felt funny as the cheeks of her white-furred haunches pushed together. Anon caught the barest glimpse of a pink slit peaking from between her her thighs and nearly tripped. It was difficult to pay attention to where you were going when someone flashed an exotic feminine form to you.

Now that he caught his foot on the ribs of a passed out dog, a golden retriever who was in dire need of a brushing, Anon realized he needed to set his stuff down somewhere. He nearly dropped his beer pack when he was busy rubbernecking. He stood there awkwardly, craning his neck around in the middle of the room like a retard. He probably would have done that all night were it not for the sharp pain in his side. A small fist hit him in his rib. It stung, and Anon flinched away. The stack of pizza boxes slid out to the edge of his hand and started to tip over. The golden-brown edge of the crust peaked out of the box and went to drop to the ground and spoil itself, but Anon leaned into it and regained control of the boxes in a terrible order of priorities for someone who had just bin hit. He jostled the stack, and it slid back in place, giving the side eye to a fur that just knuckled his ribs. He wasn’t sure what that had been about. He gave her a disgruntled, inarticulate squawk and then asked, “Uh, what the fuck?”

The fur was a short thing, long bodied and with big mitts capped with short claws. Its triangular head cocked at him quizzically. Its wet black nose chuffed, and its  fuzzy, rounded triangular ears facing forward and locked onto Anon. A chitter squeaked in its throat, bouncing its chest and the modest titties that Anon just now noticed. His eyes dropped to her chest, and immediately he could tell she wasn’t wearing a bra. Her nipples were protrusive and dug through her scrap of a top. It was more like an elastic waistband that had been stretched over her tubular body. It covered the front of her chest down to her ribs, and her only other clothing was a mangled set of cutoff jeans that had a hole cut through them for her tail. “Hey, rrrrriiriiriirrr, What’cha doi’, here?” she asked, dropping letters in a peculiar way that made Anon have to listen intently to parse. Her eyes were a dark red-brown, and despite her curious bent, Anon felt that it was just a touch predatory, and it distracted him from overthinking it.

“The post said everyone was invited,” Anon said in a smooth, practiced manner, “and we all know there’s truth in advertising right?” He had spent too long looking in the mirror and saying it, but it paid off. He almost fooled himself into thinking that he wasn’t a bumbling dumbass. 

She let out another fast chitter and grinned. The sharp white needles that poked down from her gums could pierce his skin faster than the pain would register, it looked like. Her eyes danced with mirth, or at least that’s what Anon thought. “Tis ‘ere is a safe-space humie. H’You really tink s’a good idea ta be here?”

Of all the things to focus on in that statement, Anon focused on the least important. “Humie? Really?” he said, blinking owlishly. It was weird hearing it outloud in the growly voice of the mustelid.

Her smile vanished, and her hackles ruffled before laying back down. “Wha’ get yer feelies hurt?” she said, voice dripping with mockery. 

“Weird to hear someone actually say it. Do you all talk like that when we’re not around?” Anon asked. Honestly, he thought that net speak was net speak. No one talked like that in real life, right? You weren’t about to here Anon say “shiggy” to someone’s face. There were some legendary autists who did, but he was not so blessed. 

She folded her arms under her chest, lifting her chest up in the elastic tube top. Her chin raised in imperious fashion. “This is why you’re not allowed here,” she griped. Casual degradation dripped from her black lips. “Always trying to tell us what’s what like our wants and our words.” As she spoke more, Anon was getting used to listening to her and parsing what she was saying. 

Anon might actually start to feel some white guilt were it not for the other human sitting on a big buff wolf’s lap. This may be a no-go zone technically- technically- but they didn’t seem to be ripping that freak apart. He jutted his chin at the pale-faced gender-ambiguous human yonder. Was it a she?  Probably not. Jaw was too wide and he saw an Adam’s apple. He-she-it was wearing a leather skirt and fishnets from neck to toe elsewhere. “That a fact?” he said. 

“He just wants to have someone plug his tail pipe,” she said, dismissively.

“And… wait, that lets you off scott free?” Anon said, scrunching up his face.

“Yeah. Let someone put their cock in you, and you get off,” she said, pursing her lips as the play on words left them.

Anon shifted self-consciously in an awkward silence and really didn’t want the conversation to continue in the vein of getting sodomized. He mulled over what to say, starting and stopping one too many times before he pushed the stack of pizza boxes to her. “Free food apology?” he tried on a whim.

Her grin was back in an instant, the down-turned mood shifting and all possible fowls washing away. “Yer a champ,” she said, “Welcome to the party.” She reached up and smacked her hand on the tallest box. His eyes flicked down to her hand and its paw-fingers. When her hand pushed down, white claws slid out of her fingers and clicked into the cardboard. She lifted it up and stood on her tip toes to pry the lid. She chuffed her nose. “Oo, three meat,” she said, pulling out a greedy three slices, “Love me some three meat.”

“Like three meats, eh?” Anon said as his eyes traced over her strange hands. It was cute to him, like looking at a puppy with big fee. Her hand had three short, thick digits with semi-retractable claws. Her brush-like tail hung like a rudder behind her. 

She paused, noting Anon’s interest in her anatomy. “One meat for each, yeah?” she said.

Anon wasn’t sure what that meant, but it sounded lascivious to him. There was something there that he could sense, but his finely tuned social grace was not prepared to deal with furs… or females… or people face-to-face. She took a large bite with her snout and dug her canine-like teeth into the soft food. She pulled and then drew the stuff into the back of her molars to masticate. Her mouth opened from time to time to snap back down. “Table’s behind you,” she said. 

Anon craned his neck around and saw a mostly empty table with a few empty beer cans and a coleslaw  no one had touched. Anon saw empty pizza boxes and cheap microwavable personal pizzas, something that baffled him, but he wasn’t about to go asking questions that might raise more hackles. 

He grabbed himself two slices of pizza before it was all gone along with four beers. Might as well hand one or two off to the weasel chick to break the ice. By the time he had served himself and turned back around, a queue had already formed. The lazing furs took setting the food down as a green light to partake. To be fair, they weren’t shoving or bustling, but they took it without so much as a thank you. It felt more orderly than most parties he had crashed, and he hadn’t been thrown out yet, so Anon tallied it as a win.

The weasel-ish girl hadn’t left, but she was eating and sitting on the arm of a dirty sofa. Anon came back and offered her a beer can. She looked at it with interest and then wrinkled her nose. “Pop top, seriously?” 

Anon opened his mouth and then closed it. “Is that a problem?”

“I don’t like having to hook a tooth in those things to open them,” she sniffed.

“That… can’t possibly be the easiest way to open these,” he said, shaking his head. He grasped one can by the top and hooked his middle fingernail under the pop top and pulled it up with a cool hiss-pop. With it open, he passed it to her. 

She graciously accepted. “Thanks, Champ,” she said, “Ch’ You make that look easy.”

Anon could not help but eyeball her mitt again. It was only now that he noticed how clumsy some of her hands’ motions were. Maybe their rapid change in anatomy hadn’t entirely humanized their hands’ internal anatomy yet, and that’s why they didn’t seem to have as much manual dexterity as he expected. It was a bit like watching a non-uplifted orangutan try to use tools but with much more focus and intent.

Anon popped his own and took a sip. “Must be the slight difference in anatomy,” he said rhetorically. 

“Gee, you figure that out by yourself?” she said bitingly, but her hackles did not rise this time.

Anon snorted. “Don’t get self-conscious on me. Your paws are cute,” he said. His heart leaped into his throat as he said it. God damn his social awkwardness. It was only the surreality that had kept him from folding in on himself, and now that things were starting to feel normal, he was starting to turn back into himself.

Anon cast his eyes away from her. He tried to distract himself as his posture started to slump and lose its uprightness. What could he look at? Woah, that wannabe trap was sucking on the wolf guy’s tongue. For some reason. Momentarily, Anon was intrigued, but soon his stomach started to churn. He had seen trap stuff before with the flattering camera angles and liberal make up and photoshop. Something about the way the femme’s shoulder blades were set made him realize it was a guy in a skirt and not as cute as first impressions might give off. It was probably the lack of camera tricks. The make up helped a bit, but only when he focused on the face. Zoomed out, it was a freakshow.

He looked somewhere else. Rail-thin alley cat-girl scratching her bony ass? That was slightly more enticing. Maybe he could catch a flash from the rat again? Anon jolted when he felt a big mitt on his leg. He looked to the side, and saw the weasel-ly chick grinning up at him, pizza gone. Although, its greasy remnants could be felt on his pants now. “You like paws, huh?” she said. Anon swiveled his head back to her to see her dark brown eyes gleaming up at him. Few furs had noticeable whites around their irises, and she wasn’t one of them. It felt predatory. “I knew all you humans were freaks,” she teased. She tilted her chin up, and he could see the russet coloring running down from her neck to her cleavage. “You got all that from cute paws?” he said.

“I have the internet, Champ,” she singsonged, rubbing her paw over his thigh, getting closer to his hip and then pushing in towards his crotch. Truth be told, Anon wasn’t much of a paw guy, but seeing it this up close might convert him. That would feel pretty good if she just shifted in a little bit more. Anon half-roused from his reverie when she leaned up into his business and rested her jaw on his shoulder. Her breath was hot and brushed along his neck and ear lobe. Gooseflesh slid down Anon’s back and arms. She spoke to him softly. “I’ll let you cum on my paw for twenty bucks,” she said, whispering wheedling sweet. 

For a second, Anon seriously considered it. Then, he realized he was being asked to pay and felt a little offended. It showed on his face, and the weasel clued in on it immediately. “What?” she said, sounding unhappy. Anon recovered, setting his jaw and looking away. He shifted. Her slinky body shifted like liquid fluff against his arm. Anon opened his mouth to politely decline like the beta male he was.

“Come to a back room with me?” His voice hitched, and he failed in sounding smooth this time. Fuck it. He wasn’t interested in a handjob or more likely jerking off on her hands, but maybe, just maybe he could not be a complete pussy for once in his life.

She pressed a bit closer, and her wet nose brushed against his neck. “Sure,” she said, pulling away and plodding off. 

Not quite believing what he was doing, Anon got up with his beer in hand, pausing to grab the two that were still unopened. He trotted after her. Some of the onlookers were snickering, and one was openly laughing at him. He wasn’t sure what they thought was funny, or maybe they just thought he was pathetic for paying for paws. Well, jokes on you, guys. This Anon has a plan.

She opened a couple doors, stopping and closing them before Anon could see what was behind the door. She eventually opened the garage door and flung it open. In there was a trash heap, and it was uncomfortably hot without the fans and swamp cooler cooling the rest of the house, but it was empty. Or, it was empty assuming there wasn’t a body buried in this mess. Anon wrinkled his nose at the faint must in the air. There was a stained blow up mattress lying in the middle of the garage, and Anon had the sudden worry that this was going to be a freaky film uploaded to the dark web. 

She sat down on the edge and patted the spot next to her. Anon dropped himself down, looking around and then focusing in on her. He didn’t think anyone was here, and he could probably get out the garage door if he absolutely had to run from this situation…

She looked at him expectantly. Oh, she probably thought he was going to take off his pants. Well, this is where things were going to get weird. He took a breath and swallowed. She giggled at his expense. Anon opened his mouth to initiate his ploy.

“Hey, I’ve got a dumb question,” he said. Wait, that wasn’t his ploy. Anon, you dope, you were stalling because you’re too chicken to try and get laid with a girl who is throwing herself at you for money in a slightly less sexy way. 

She blinked. “I’ve got a dumb answer.” Her retort was flawless.

“Yeah, what species are you?” Anon asked. He knew she was a weasel of some kind, but…

Her eyes fell half-lidded, and her face lost its sultry disposition. She rolled her eyes at him, straining her orbs in their sockets and showing off a glimpse of white around the edges. “An American marten,” she said with a heavy sigh, “All American.” She affected a wink. “That’s what was bothering you, Champ? God you’re a pussy.”

A scowl knitted across Anon’s brow. He didn’t enjoy being made light of. He’d say something scathing if he didn’t think it’d affect his chance of getting freaky. 

She showed off her sharp, curved teeth at Anon again. “Come on now, cough up the twenty, and you can unzip and unload.” She raised her paws up. They were big and Anon actually wondered what it’d feel like to push the tip of his dick into one. She flexed her thickly padded fingers, and her claws pushed out and back in.

Anon took a breath. “I don’t want your paw,” he said.

She looked surprised and then suspicious. “What?” she bit out.

“I want everything,” Anon said. There it was. He said it. 

There was a pause, and then she cracked up. “For twenty bucks?” she snorted, “Get the fuck out.” Laughter bubbled up with each and every word. Her laughter drug her claws through Anon’s ego.

“No, not for twenty bucks,” Anon said with a sneer, “What do you take me for?”

Her ears swiveled from the side to the forward and focused on Anon. “Yeah?” she said, sounding interested, “What’cha got?”

“Fifty.”

She went back to looking disgusted. “Fifty,” she said flatly.

“What, you want more?” Anon asked irritably. He didn’t know how bartering for sex worked. Normally he just tried and failed to get laid on Binder and then jerked off in the bathroom when he got a moment alone with his phone.

“You better have more, ‘cause fifty is what it costs for paw now,” she said.

Anon choked on the air. “The fuck?!” he swore. 

Smugness rolled off of her, as if she had won something through her teasing tactic. 

Anon grit his teeth and then stood up. He pulled his wallet out of his back pocket. The haughty expression on her face remained, but he could see her ears followed his wallet. “You get all the cash in here,” he said, “and we’re fuck-friends for the rest of the day.” That had sounded better in his head.

She sniffed. “Yeah, what’s in the wallet. A twenty?”

“More than fifty,” Anon shot back.

“Bull.”

Anon took a breath. “More than a hundred,” he said. Technically, it was true. It was more than a hundred, just not much more than a hundred dollars. Hopefully, her imagination would do some of the work for her though. This was a stupid tactic, but first time luck might strike!

Interest slipped through her demeanor. “I’ll lick your dick for it,” she said, trying to talk him down still. 

Anon’s enthusiasm left him. “Fuck this,” he said, putting his wallet back and turning to leave. He waded through the trash on the ground and had the door open before she said, “Wait!” Anon shut the door and turned around. He folded his arms across his chest and pressed his lips into a flat line. “What?” he said. 

“Seriously, I’ll lick it,” she tried again. Anon turned to leave again. “Redeemable three times!” she tried. The door creaked open. “Fine!”

Anon shut the door again and did his best to remain calm. This was it. He would avoid the cursed fate of Wizardry. She-beasts counted, right? Or did that make him a Warlock? Anon licked his suddenly dry lips, glad he was still facing away. He took a breath and turned around. Her eyes gleamed and bore into Anon’s face. He waded back over to the dirty air mattress. Anon paused in front of her, another awkward silence. Then, at last, he fiddled with the fastener to his pants.

“Ahem, wallet,” the marten said primly, stretching her mitt out to him.

Anon did not pause in pulling his button apart and unzipping. His boxers hung somewhat loosely, and he felt his balls unstick from the side of his leg. With only a little bit of reluctance, he reached behind him and opened his wallet. The weasel’s mitt swiped through the air and grasped just shy of the wallet as Anon pulled it out of the way just barely in time. “Money,” Anon said, “You don’t need my driver’s license.”

A high-pitched growl rose in her throat. “And how do I know you’re giving me everything?” she demanded.

Anon pulled his small wad out and then stretched it open to show her its emptiness. “That good enough?” he asked, flinging the money at her. She scrambled in place as the bills came undone and fluttered down here front. Anon managed to finally drop his pants and pick up his prick. It was still a bit limp, probably from his nerves. 

He stood there with his dick in his hand, and she was counting the money of all things. “Oh, come on.”

She ignored him, counting under his breath. “Twenty and… five. Twenty-five. Twenty-six… Twenty-seven… Thirty-seven?”

 Anon felt physical pain as she miscounted a twenty as a ten.“Forty-seven,” he corrected, “Twenty-seven and twenty is forty-seven.” She shot him a nasty look. A surge of disagreeableness sent Anon’s dick slapping across the slender snout. “Come on, it’s there. I’ll fucking count it for you, but I’m not waiting any longer, and I’ll take it back if we don’t start immediately after.” 

At that, she hastily stuffed the wad into her pocket. “Sheesh, got it. You don’t have to be a fuggin prick.” She grabbed his dick with her paw and squeezed him. He let go and let out a long, low groan as the pads enveloped it. That was weird, but it was a good weird. How much he enjoyed it and how vocal  sent shame into his system, but no one was around. She yanked on his dick hard, and Anon yelped. 

“Ow! Fuck. Shit. Why?” he bit out. When her nasty look was still there, he paused and searched the air for some way to not lose his dick. He felt a strain in his meat, and the every present grin on the weasels face filled pinched into a sinister cavern of meat hooks and butchering blades. non suddenly realized he may have put himself in a bad position.

Anon’s grimaced melted into an uneasy smile “Hey, look,” he said, “I was an asshole, okay?” Her face only marginally softened, but she was at least somewhat mollified. “Hey, seriously, you’re hot. Like, really hot. I’ve not really been into fur-” That was a straight up lie, but hopefully it would work here, “-but you got me to take that leap, and I was just excited.” She was silent. The silence pained Anon, and he filled it with nonsense, “Really, I don’t know why I’m doing this. I’ve never paid to play, but god damn, this feels like it’s going to be worth it. Fuck. Come on. You’re- you’re. Fuck.” He ran out of words to say and now it was babble. A sensuous squeeze, curling her paw-fingers around. Her claws slipped out, gliding over the skin along the underbelly of his cock and pressed the sharp tip into the heel of her palm. Anon bit his lip, feeling the alien sensation of someone else touching him.  

The weasel scrutinized Anon’s face while he did his best to appear earnest. “Okay, Champ,” she said, “Let me show you a thing or to about fur superiority.”

Painful enengorgement rocketed up Anon's length, swelling him base to tip. That might be the hottest thing a real woman has ever said. There was a deathly seriousness in her voice that cut into Anon’s belly and wormed through his intestines. It didn’t have the cheesy dint of porn. It made his mouth dry. The way her face pinched with focus as she said it made Anon’s lips tingle with anticipation. She opened her mouth, sharp teeth revealing themselves. It was slow. Pink lolled out of her mouth and swiped along her blackish lip. It touched the side of Anon’s cock, and he sucked in a breath. The weasel’s lip curled, pleased, and she pulled it up under the ridge of Anon’s glans. The wet muscled pushed the spongy bit down and slipped up over the tip. She pulled it in a flicking lick and closed her lips around the tip. Her tongue pushed down directly into the tip and curled under it before rolling from bottom to top. 

Anon’s lower lip screamed at him to stop digging his lower teeth into it, but it was what it took for him to not make an embarrassing sound. Her tongue pulled up along the underside of his glans, licking up and over the cum slit and pushing down. Her head tilted, changing the angle of her rapid, precise, animal lapping. It rotated from the right side, swiveling until two licks brushed the left. Finally, a grunting, gasping sound escaped him. He opened his eyes, not realizing they had been shut nor when he had shut them. They focused in on the smug look of the marten.

“The human girls can’t do this can they?” she asked, rippling her squeezing paw pads along his shaft. She slid her mitt down to the base of his dick and squeezed hard, bulging the blood up at the tip. She pumped the shaft, pulling the skin up over the head on the tug and sliding it back to stretch it downward. She pressed her lips around the tip. Her tongue flickered, licking at the very tip like she were tasting sweet ambrosia from a tap. Anon’s breath hitched, and then she pulled her mouth away, pushing her snout up by his balls. Her long, dexterous tongue scooped out and wrapped underneath his sack and pulled up, jostling Anon’s left nut. It slipped out and brushed up between the boys, pulling his sack up and letting gravity slide it off the upward pull. She pushed the lengthy muscle out and jostled him around while she squeezed his dick firmly around the base and worked up a fast tug. Her hand opened. Her mouth pressed up against the base. The wet snake slid up the side and pulled to its opposite. Her lapping continued up the underbelly until she got back up to the tip, and she sealed her fist back around Anon’s cock. 

His mind blurred. Anon hadn’t even managed to shove his cock inside yet, but he was feeling a primal enjoyment that no amount of wanking could ever sate. Anon reached down. He wanted something he had always wondered about. He clamped his hand over the Marten’s left titty. He could feel her nipple digging into his hand, pressing into his palm and pushing down into the softer flesh. His fingers closed experimentally. It wasn’t quite what he had expected. He had been told it felt like any fatty, flabby part of the body, so he expected it to feel a bit like just fat, but there was something of a density under it that gave it more weight. Maybe only huge titties felt that how he had been described? The black fabric of her tube top slid over the weasel’s perky cup. Anon focused, exploring everything he could, pushing it up, in, around, squeezing, and pulling gently. It was enthralling. Without missing a beat, she reached up with her free hand and started to pull the tube top down. Her titties squished under the elastic, but it peeled down under them and exposed them both to him.

Russet fur spilled down her neck and turned into a creamy color that framed the Marten’s cleavage. Her nipples were a ruddy color. Big, bare aureole framed the juicy nubs. Anon gently tweaked one experimentally. A sound worked its way up her throat, which he took as a good sign. Anon fixated on toying with her titty, glancing between the way the tufts of fur pushed up along the bulging flesh between his fingers and the fierce kissing tongue that curled around his cock just behind his head. The most shocking thing to him out of all of this is that he hadn't popped and blown everything he had into her face yet. Maybe it was easier not to shoot your wad when someone else was doing things to you. 


Emboldened, his hand placed itself on her head. She stiffened and swiveled her dark eyes up to regard Anon. Her lips were parted around the very tip. With caution, Anon eased his hips forward, wanting to feel the inside of her muzzle. Looking down at the bridge of her muzzle, Anon felt the urge to hammer forward but resisted. The weight of his cock rested on her tongue, pushing over the strong muscle and inching back. 

A hiss escaped Anon. He winced and had to fight not to jerk back. “Teeth!” he bit out through his set jaw and grit teeth.

The weasel’s jaw opened, and she gingerly extracted Anon from the trap. “Sorry, Champ,” she said, giving the top side where her incisors had brushed a lick. “I don’t have those human DSL,” she said, pulling her paw-finger down on her lower lip. “Can barely suck a straw with this mouth, but I figured it was worth a shot.”

Anon sighed but let it go. “Too bad. That looked really sexy from my view,” he said, “Hey, take of your bottoms, would you?”

She looked down to her lap and then back up to Anon’s face. She shrugged and rolled onto her back. She shifted her butt along the bed. The Marten’s long, fuzzy brush of a tail wiggled back and forth as she managed to slide her cutoffs up along her butt. The cleft of her ass peaked through, and Anon gulped. It was round in a way that he hadn’t seen on anything that was human up close and personal. It’s shape drew is attention as she drew back her legs. The breeches slid up her thighs, ruffling her fur and making it stick out as she slid them down. Her knees drew back and folded back almost parallel with her body in a display of supreme flexibility and let her clothes fall to the floor. “Well?” she said, raising her eyebrows. 

Anon gave her a sly look. She recognized it straight away and tensed. Anon shed his clothes with great haste before suddenly regaining his composure. The marten scooted back on the bed to make room for him. Anon put his knees on the edge of the air mattress. He felt like lining up and finally ditching his role as a wizard’s apprentice, but something she said stuck with him, and Anon felt a little dangerous. He ran his hands up her legs, rubbing up and down around her thighs. It seemed to put her a little at ease. 

“What are you doing?” she asked as he started to lower himself, “Your dick is leaving. I thought you-”

Breath tickled the soft, downy hairs of her belly, brushing through them. Anon could see her core shift, strong muscles hidden beneath thick fur coiling. His nose trailed down, and he found his head resting on her inner thigh. His breath tickled her crotch. 

“I mean, I’m not saying no-” she started slowly, but she cut herself off when she felt Anon press his lips to the side of her vulva. There was some fur, though it was less thick here. A potent aroma wafted from her, but it didn’t smell bad, just strong. Anon inhaled and trailed his comparatively small tongue up her slit, looking up and gauging her reaction. She was watching him, craning her neck up and breathing quickly. Anon paused, not sure how to continue, but fumbled his way into parting her lips to expose her to him. He traced his tongue around her entrance, teasing the hole and trying to seek out the legendary clitoris without being too obvious about it. He didn’t see it. Anon had always seen it drawn at the top of the pussy in porn, but there was no sign of it. Maybe it was under all the fur?

He pressed his finger against her, rubbing it with the pad. She let out a hitching breath. Had she never- Oh, claws. It was probably hard to put fingers up there when they had claws. Well then… Anon pressed in gently. She sucked it in, clamping down on the invader. Anon could feel her pulse through her walls. Heat threatened to melt his finger. Wetness oozed around it. He kissed the side of her mound and trailed his lips up, guessing to where his quarry was. He placed his lips down a bit high and got fur in his lips. Trailing down, the marten let out a low, crooning whine. He felt something different here. He pushed his lips down, and he felt skin slide back. A small hard point butted into his lower lip. He pulled it into his lips and suckled on it. Finally, the cool facade broke, and the the marten let out a bark. The weasel’s voice cut in and out of holding it in and letting out her cry. It didn’t sound like a human at all, wholly other. Anon knew he had struck gold though. She tried to cover her mouth with both of her paws. 

Bits and bobs of “internet advice” on what to do with a real woman floated through Anon’s head. He didn’t know what was real, but he’d be willing to try anything that didn’t sound too ridiculous. He let up the suction and did his best to paint the alphabet on with his tongue. That only took a little bit of coordination. Once he got to “f” he remembered he had a finger too and curled it up, inching it forward. She got louder. He felt a rough patch on the roof of her canal and inched right past it, hooking his finger up and pushing as he did his best to feed his middle finger in past his second knuckle without going too fast. 

The weasel’s walls clamped down, pulling on his finger and yanking on it to pull it in, releasing and yanking again, contracting and convulsing around its captive. She whined loud, long, and then it became a wail. A spritz hit his face, and Anon jolted back, sputtering. He blinked and snapped out of the focus he had on playing with her. He blinked as the zone left him. He wiped the juice from his face, not sure what it was- there were debates you see- and didn’t feel like getting distracted. It turned out, eating pussy was fun, but now he was ready for the main course. 

She slowly pulled her hands away from her face. She opened her mouth to say something but lost her voice just as fast. Her head hit the air mattress with a barely audible thump. Anon was just getting ready. He clambered back onto the bed, laying himself over her. She was breathing heavily. “Well, looks like human lips are good for more than just that,” he said, burying his face into her neck fluff. He took in her sent, and she licked her lips.  Anon grabbed his pecker and blindly lining it up. He pushed his tip into her sodden slit, rubbing it up and down to search out the target. He butted it against her clit. Too high. Pushing down, he thought he found it, but he felt nothing but resistance. No, that’s not it. Lower?” He pushed down low. For a moment he was concerned he’d miss and get the wrong hole. Then, he felt it. Pure, wet heat. A shuddering breath went through him. They met, and her pussy gave him a sweet, passionate kiss over his head. The glans swelled outward, pushing back against the pressure clamping down upon it. Anon groaned. The envelopment was unlike anything else. She was hot. Too hot. He knew some animals were higher in body temperature than humans. This had to be one of them. He felt like he’d melt, but it was good. 

Tentatively, he started to move. A basic, bobbing thrust. He was barely inside of her. It was tight.  It felt like she was trying to push him out. Still, he got in there, pushing forward. Her legs rolled back further. She was so very limber. Her tight tunnel was almost pointing straight up. Her knees slanted back and dug into the mattress. She held onto her ankles, not saying anything. Her eyes squeezed shut, and she sucked in purposeful breaths. Anon got in there, leaning over her and dropping his weight, slowly opening her up with more and more of what he had to offer. He couldn’t quite get in all the way yet. It felt like progress though. He wanted to jam it in and go to town. No, he was going to do this right. He was going to work her until he felt his balls resting against her round butt.

The noise. Loud, wet squelches of air pushed into a tight, wet place. Anon seized fistfuls of fluff that stuck out in tufts along the marten’s shoulders. They both hissed and breathed in near synchronicity. Anon’s hips touched down, pushing into her. Contorting, she pulled her legs a bit farther back, getting them out of the way to take that extra little length. Anon sank forward, and the velvet vice grabbed onto his dick and pulled. 

Anon lifted his face from her neck fluff and looked at her, rolling his hips as he grew closer and closer. She seared his length with her heat, threatening to melt the two of them together. His lips tingle. Her eyes were closed, and unbiddeunbidden, panting breathes escaped her with shrill squeaks punctuating each one. Anon tried to capture her lips in his. He pressed to the corner of her mouth, missing. The marten's eyes opened. Anon's lips slid up along her muzzle. The weasel clumsily pursed her lips, receiving him with a whine. It was weird, kissing a muzzle. He pushed his tongutongue along her lip and into her mouth. The pause of awkwardness was brief. He felt the long, strong muscle in her maw lick against his. He pushed back, probing for anything to caress. Anon was too close, and unable to help himself, he selfishly picked up the pace, lifting his hips up and hammering straight down, dropping his weight into the sexy, slinky weasel's upturned ass. Her twitching tail tickled his balls as they drew up close to his body, prepared to do what was natural despite the unnatural union they found themselves party to. She flexed her core muscles, squeezing harder down on him than ever before. Anon found himself buried to the hilt and what felt like a little more as her muscles tugged him in. A tingle in his lips where they kissed flew down Anon's spine to meet the broiling cauldron in their loins.

He shot.  A long, thick rope exploded from his tip, sucked and carried away by her squeezing snatch even before it completely left. Again. And again. Anon'Anon's loud, guttural scream muffled itself in the Martin's mouth. He felt his legs go weak. his hamstrings twitches, threatening to give out and emptiness opened up in his pelvis, growing as every last drop squeezed out of him.

They relaxed into one another. Anon’s lips slid across hers as he shifted. They broke. A tiny string of spittle connected their lips. Anon closed the gap again, and the marten rested her head back agianst the mattress. Anon felt like a tranq dart hit him after all that. He wanted to hold her as he crashed into the realm of dreams. He rolled off, half-hard cock pulling free from her vice with a bend. White oozed out of her slit and soaked into her fur. She let her limbs flop down onto the mattress once Anon was out of the way and wriggled against the air mattress.

Anon did as his instinct beckoned him. He wrapped his arms around the marten and pulled the weasel woman to him, pushing her shoulder into his chest and resting his head next to hers. Reality began to fade. 

The impact in the side of his face startled him out of it. Her paw print lightly stung on the side of his face. He blinked blearily, rousing back up to the waking world. “What?” he griped.

“Do you really think the fur ghetto is the best place for your hairless butt to fall asleep?” she said, humor dancing in her eyes, “You’re lucky that you’re an okay fuck, or I’d have left you.”

Anon’s face pinched. “Only okay?” 

She didn’t respond to that. She rested alongside him, breathing steadily. Her eyes slid half-way shut, lingering before they sealed. Anon watched chest rise and fall, the way her bosom shifted as her ribs expanded and contracted. 

“Are you asleep?” he asked her, almost incredulously, “Thought sleeping here was a bad idea.”

“Only for you,” she said without opening her eyes. A smirk crossed her face.

Anon made a noise under his breath but didn’t fight it further. She was probably right. This place was shady as it got, and he could feel immediately that he didn’t belong here. And yet, with her so close, he wanted to keep the two of them pressed together. His eyes slid shut, and his arms tightened around her. She made a small squeak but otherwise didn’t protest. But, when he started to poke her hip, her eyes cracked open. “Again?” she asked, sounding surprised.

Anon smiled, feeling something akin to pride at his ardor. “Yeah,” he said, “Can you blame me? You are pretty awesome.” He shifted his hips rub a rut against her hip, parting the fur of her hip getting himself up and ready again. 

“Yeah, got more money though?” she said, tongue between her teeth as she leered at him through the side of her eye.

Anon stopped, furrowing his brow. “I gave you all I had on me,” he said, “You know that.”

She shrugged, rolling to the side away from Anon. “Well, that’s too bad, she said. Her tail batted him across his hip and brushed his crotch. Anon shivered. It looked like she was going to get away. Not thinking, Anon reached out and ensnared her in his grasp once more, pulling her back flush with his chest. His member poked her butt in the left cheek and slid along the taut, round rump. 

“Wait,” he said.

She looked at him over her shoulder. “Not cool,” she said, “Let go.”

“I’m not forcing anything,” Anon said quickly, “Just hear me out before you disappear.”

The room was silent. Her neck twisted around to look at him. With how easily she contorted herself, Anon had no illusions that she would be defenseless if he were to just pin her down- not that he was that kind of douchebag. As the pause grew pregnant, she said, “Well?” Impatience stiffened her against him.

“Uh, well, can I get your number?” Anon said, shifting his eyes. He shrank a bit when she let out a barking laugh which seemed entirely at his expense. 

“Seriously?” she said, “Hey, this was fun, but- Come on.” 

Anon fumbled for something to say to save face. Fuck it. “What, you don’t like repeat customers?” he asked, grinding against her. His cock started to saw into the cleft of her ass, pushing them apart. She squirmed, conflicted about something. Just as Anon nearly had the underbelly of his length seated against her tail pipe, she pulled away and turned around.

“Uh, so, you know I don’t normally do this, right?” she said, scrutinizing him. 

Anon shrugged. “So?” he said, “You’re fun, and I learned a thing or two about fur superiority tonight. I might not be happy with a human woman ever again!” He gesticulated with his hand, mirth creeping onto his face.

She cracked a smile. “Like, I don’t know, man,” she said, hedging. 

Anon sat up, looking around and spotting where his clothes had been kicked off to. It was hard to peel his eyes away from her, and as soon as he knew where his underwear was, they glued right back to her. “You can come to my place next time,” he said, “Or, well, maybe a hotel. I have roommates, and they might not like listening to us. You were a little loud.”

“So were you, buddy,” she shot back, “Are you a screamer, or am I just that good.”

Anon rolled his eyes. He didn’t scream, he just groaned really loudly. He would never admit to that jibe. “Seriously though, once in a while, we can hang out a bit, get something to eat, and then if the price is right, I’ll fuck you into next week,” he tried again, wheedling, “Does that sound so bad?”

The weasel sank her sharp incisors into her lower lip and chewed lightly on it. “It might not be that easy. I don’t know if I’d be able to get a pass to leave. Got caught with shoplifting a while back.”

Anon raised his eyebrows. “You guys need passes to leave?” he asked incredulously. That wasn’t something he had heard before.

She shrugged. “Well, yeah,” she said, nonplussed at Anon’s reaction, “Being here beats going out to the reservation though. I like AC and internet, thank you.”

Anon rested his head in his hand and propped his elbow on his knee. With that curveball, his boner was gone. “Well damn,” he said, “I mean, I’m willing to try. I can do some research.”

She made a face. “I haven’t said yes yet,” she pointed out.

“Yet,” Anon shot back absently as his gears turned.

Her lips quirked upwards. “Heh.” 
Anon bent over and pulled his pants into his lap. He fished out his phone and punched the first search that popped into his head, ‘how to get my fur friend a day pass to visit.’ Top result was one of those ten step wiki-diy sites. Hopefully the entry wasn’t trash.  Anon scrolled down, eyes scanning over the phone as his thumb brushed the text further and further up. “Hmm. Might be able to swing something if I’m reading this right,” he said, “Worth a shot. Anyways, what’s your number?” 

She barked a laugh. “You really want to go to all that effort to take a hooker out on the town?” she asked incredulously. 

“I’d be paying for the date if you weren’t hooking. At least this way I know I’ll be getting some tail at the end,” Anon said, “Food and movies cost money, you know?” 

She pursed her lips in thought. “This was supposed to be a one time thing, y’know. Wham, bam, and never see you agai-am,” she said, still mulling it over. 

Anon threw his arms up and then stood, naked. He was a bit taller than she was. Her muzzle would poke right into his clavicle if he walked into her. “Let’s figure that out later,” he said, “I’ll focus on the day pass thing. What’s your number so I can give you an update?”

Her face screwed up. “I don’t get you,” she said.

“You and me both,” Anon said, just as clueless as she as to what possessed him to do this. 

He stepped forward and ducked forward to steal a kiss, feeling emboldened by having had his cock inside of her not too long ago. He took it as a good sign when she subtly pushed into it. “Number,” he said again, “Or it’ll be really hard to get you a day pass for some adventure.”
. 
She grumbled and snatched his phone out of his hand. Anon stifled an indignant squawk. Don’t mess with a good thing, Anon. This is what you wanted. She found her cutoffs and muscled a small, cheap smart phone out of her back pocket. It looked like one of the ones that government-subsidized telecoms shat out from street stands. She brushed the two next to each other, and Anon heard his alert tone from his phone. He picked it up, and he saw her contact info, including a name. Phew, he wouldn’t have to awkwardly ask for that now. 

He smiled. “Ramona,” he tried. She gave him a funny look, and he lowered his phone. “It’s a nice name,” he said.

“Yeah, well, what’s yours, Champ?” she aid, loosening up a bit.

“Anon.”

“Huh, well, nice to meet you. Now what?” 

Anon shrugged. “We are at a party,” he said. 

She perked up a bit. “Yeah, we are.” 

Anon found the two unopened beer cans as he gathered up his clothes. He offered one to her. “Let’s have some fun,” he said.

“Well, a different kind.”