Click, the front door shut quietly behind a cautious man. His steps are silent as he makes his way through a fairly happy two story home. The man carefully peered around corners and into open doorways with as much stealth as he could manage. The first floor was clear, that meant she still had to be in bed. One foot forward, pause, then another. The man worked his way up the stairs in this fashion, freezing at any sort of squeal from the wood beneath him.

Mustering his way up to the second floor, the man sauntered to his bedroom door. His hand gripped the cool metal doorknob and turned it slowly, feeling the mechanism inside push back. The door inched open without a sound, the man was glad he bothered oiling something for once in his life. Slowly, the doorway revealed the comfortable sleeping area. A large bed sat on the floor in front of him, and on it, the prize he had worked so hard for. A bear woman in all her large brown magnificence laid on the bed, peacefully asleep. A red tank top hid her motherly bosom, but her bottom was quite bare, showing off her soft rounded rear.

A calm relaxation warmed the man's heart, knowing his wife was safely slumbering in the homely abode he worked hard to uphold. Without hesitation he removed his top most clothing and set them aside nicely without a peep. He crawled into bed, trying his best not to wake his love, and then laid right there next to her. He took a moment to admire her form. The warm, fuzzy coat of fur that adorned her body was a light brown, almost a rusty red in certain lighting. Her snout was an even lighter shade of brown that her husband described many times as a lovely cocoa, it was topped off by a wet ticklish nose that lightly twitched as she breathed restfully. The ears that poked through her head were cutely rounded off, quite stereotypically of a teddy bear.

The man looked down at her covered chest, which heaved up and down with each long and soothing breath. She was quite proud of her above average breasts, as she had loudly proclaimed on several occasions, but the mere mention of their eventual motherly duties made her quietly flustered in a mixture of excitement for the future and the joy that parenthood might bring. The now comfortable human smiled at the thought as it danced around in his mind. His gaze swept downwards, admiring the rest of her wide curves and thighs, indeed, she would do quite well as a mother.

Just a few moments of shut eye, the man thought. His eyes shut tight, joining his bride in her sleep. He listened to her breathing while he rested, enjoying the tranquility of it. The sheets shifted, causing the husband to open his eyes again. The bear woman gave a little yawn and reached out for her mate, her eyes still closed. Her large hand moved around to her human's back and pulled him closely. "Welcome back," she mumbled with a lazy smile. She planted a delicate kiss on the man's forehead, which was repaid with his own kiss on the side of her muzzle. "How was work?"

"It was fine," he yawned and snuggled up against the bear woman, feeling her comfortable form, "a little tiring, maybe." She replied back with an "mhmm" and yawned again. She was so cute during her small hibernation period. Though, it was somewhat sad to her husband that she stayed cooped up in bed for most of the time. It was in stark contrast to her usual energetic self, but it was nice to take it slow sometimes. He nuzzled against her neck, prompting a happy hum from the bear. Maybe he should get up and do something, but the encompassing relief was difficult to break out of. "Hungry?" he spoke into her. 

"Mm mm," she replied. He'd have to check the fridge later to see what was missing. The bear woman took a deep breath in and shifted again, lifting a leg to wrap around his own. "Are you 'hungry'?" she spoke, a little more lively. The man pulled out of her tuft of fur to see her expression. A sleepy smile that bordered on sly beamed back at him. Her dark brown eyes were half shut, but they still clearly conveyed what she meant by 'hungry'. Despite her near constant state of sleep, she insisted that one of her most important wifely duty didn't go undone. Sex. While it wasn't the standard rigorous mating that she loved, she still seemed to take a great enjoyment in calm lovemaking. The husband usually waited until she was partially awake to take advantage of her offer, but he was no stranger to the occasional sleep sex on a slow day. 

A combination of her sultry eyes, leg, and tone of voice made the man's loins stir. Her sluggish hand coming down on her naked ass essentially sealed the deal. A now sizeable erection tugged at the husband's underwear and began to poke at his wife's abdomen. She gave another half smile and added a humming giggle. The man shifted away and the bear woman turned to lay flat on her stomach. Her eyes closed again and she sighed happily. The human pulled down his boxers, letting his cock pop free. The underwear was tossed off the bed without a care and would probably have to be scoured for later.

Gently, the man got up and saddled the woman's thighs. His hands ran over her butt, massaging her cheeks and occasionally spreading them apart to expose her anus and pussy. She remained mostly quiet, but a laugh or two would escape her mouth as she was being explored. The man ran a finger down her exposed entrance. While she may have been half asleep, her body certainly wasn't; her lips became slick with arousal, dampening the surrounding fur in anticipation. A few more runs down her labia caused her to weakly shudder and let out a frustrated exhale through her nose. "Sorry," the man said playfully.

Moving forward, the man spread his wife's ass again. This time, he pushed the tip of his dick against her folds, relishing her warm wetness before plunging in and relaxing down onto the ursine woman's back. They let out a content sigh in unison, simply savoring each other's intimate presence. The man could feel the loose state his partner was in, as all of her back muscles unwound. "Go," she mumbled and waved a hand drunkenly. Her husband pulled back and propped himself up with his hands on either side of the woman. Then, with tender movements, he began to thrust in and out of her vagina. Trickles of pleasure began to run up his spine, teasing his mind.

The man continued on, listening to the subtle noises his wife made as he thrust into her. Her body started to react, loosely pushing against him in random movements. He let out a few noises of his own in response to her pussy, causing another round of snickering to come from the lethargic bear. As a little revenge, he picked up the pace and made sure the length of his cock pulled out nearly all the way before quickly moving back in. Now they were both becoming vocal in their fun, adding to the enjoyment of their mating session. "You sure work was only a little tiring?" she joked. 

The human leaned into her again to whisper into her ear. "Maybe more than a little," he said, and began to thrust even faster. The ursine bit her lip and her eyes widened more, though still not enough to appear fully awake. Their breaths became heavier as the man plowed into her, building up to a climax. The bed frame began to shake and the mattress springs began to whine against their now rigorous mating. In between frantic thrusting, he asked, "Do you want to try?" 

The bear's tongue lolled out of her mouth for a moment before slipping back in. "Ye-e-e-e-e-s," she quietly stammered under the man. Her orgasm came first, apparent from the twitching of her walls. She shoved her head into the pillow and let out a shaky moan that faded out into a small cry. Her hands gripped the sheets weakly then went limp. The husband didn't last much longer, letting out a prolonged groan and slamming his hips one final time to let out a stream of sticky seed that now hugged her warm passage.

Near instantly the bear woman relaxed back into her sleepy state while her human mate continued to breathe heavily on her back, still deep inside of her. She yawned once more and added, "I hope we get it this time." 

The man gave a nod she couldn't see. "I'm sure we will."

"Love you."

"Love you too."

And they slept.