	You feel a little guilty leaving Xiao Yu with such a half assed reply as “I need time to think”.  The look on her face made it feel like you ripped her heart out.  It doesn't put your mind at ease.   After all what should you do?  Should you accept her offer?  Would you even be able to support her?  And what about her kids?  They're enrolled in school on behalf of their mother.  She becomes a Pet and they enter some legal gray area where no one knows they belong.  Do you become their father?  Do they become Pets with their mother?  The dann Anti-Pet laws just make all this crap so much harder to figure out.
	You feel drained by the time you get home.  Resting your head on your steering wheel, it feels like weights are tied to your limbs, guilt just making you feel exhausted.  Slowly pulling yourself out, you find your way to the garage freeze, pulling out some frozen dinners and carry them upstairs.  You’re in no mood to cook anything, you’re just going to nuke some slop and have that.  You make sure to pull out the steak dinners for the Mollys, and a soft burrito for your grandmother.
	The girls don’t come again, and why should they?  You were pretty upset with them this morning.  They’re probably still avoiding you, so you’ll have to bring dinner to them.  Putting their still hot meals on a set of plates you set off down the hall.  Judging by the lights and muffled noises, it’s pretty clear they’re in their room, adjacent to your grandmother’s.  Setting the plates down on a dresser in your grandmother’s room, you open the door.  It’s a good thing you set the plates down, otherwise you would have dropped them.  Molly, Molly, and Molly are all splayed out, rubbing their nethers.  They turn their heads when you open their door and floor you a moment later.
	“Molly!  What the hell is this?!” you demand.
	Competitive Molly licks your face.  “Anooooooon” she moans.  “We’re in heat.”
	“Take care of us Anon” Assertive Molly continues.
	“Like your panda girlfriend.” Calm Molly chimes in as she tries to bring your pants down.
	“Wait a minute wai-” Your protests are muffled as Competitive Molly stuffs her breast in your mouth.  
	“Oooh Anon, you’re so aggressive” she whines.  Assertive Molly grabs your hand, rubbing your digits along her cleft, causing her to moan while Calm Molly  frees your dick, caressing the flopping organ as she inhales your scent.  “Oh I can still smell that bitch on you” she uncharacteristically says.  “But I can smell you more.  Use me Anon!”
	Oh fuck, you didn’t think it was possible but you’re getting aroused.  No!
	Your dick starts to stiffen.
	NO!
    Molly grasps it in her hand, starting to stroke it.
	NO!
	She gives your crown a loving kiss.
	DOWN!  DOWN DAMNED COCK!
    With herculean might you throw all three girls off of you, and and possibly a joint out of alignment.  They land on the floor in an undignified heap.
	“First Xiao Yu wants me to take her in as a pet, now you girls are trying to get in my pants!  When did my life become a porno?!” you dig your fingers into your hair  You’re pissed.  Not at the Mollys, not at Xiao Yu, not at anyone, but damn you are mad as hell and you need to vent.
	“For fuck sake, all I wanted was to just collect some goddamn rent, is that asking for too much?!  I just-I-they-she-you!”  With no object to focus your rage in, you start to sputter out nonsense before striding past the Mollys, collapsing into their bed, your anger burning away as quickly as it came.  Oh yeah, your dick is still out.  
The girls stare at you, not daring to move or say anything, lest they spark you off again.  Competitive Molly is the first to tentatively crawl up, lying next to you.  “Anon, I’m-we’re sorry.  We were worried that you’d forget about us.”
	“Forget?” you turn to Molly, scratching her head.  She presses her head into your hand as you muss her hair.  “How could I forget you three?”
	Calm Molly flops on your otherside.  “We were still afraid Anon.  From the very first day we can remember you being there with us.  You were around when Oma was still living on her own.  When she had her first stroke, you were the first to arrive, before even the paramedics.  You cared for her, and you cared for us.  You were with us for our entire lives.  We know you come home every day but we can't help but worry when you're gone. And you keep going to that Panda woman.  The things you do to her, the things we smell on you…” she trails off as Assertive Molly perches her chin on your chest.  
	“It makes us feel things Anon.  More than just love” she licks your chest.  “We want you Anon.”
	“No” you shake your head.  “You don't want me.  You only think you do-”
	“Fuck that noise” barks Calm Molly.  You gape at her in surprise.  “We know what we want!”  She silences your protest on your lips as she smashes hers into it.  Assertive Molly’s licking gets more sloppy, lapping at your now exposed nipples while Competitive Molly grasps at your hand, sucking hard on the fingers.
	“We waited for this moment for years Anon” gasps Assertive Molly.  “We're tired of waiting for you to notice!”
This is wrong!  The Mollys you raised since pups, the same Mollys you’ve seen as sisters are about to force themselves on you!  
And it makes you rock hard.  You start tongue wrestling calm Molly as you wrench a hand free to grasp Assertive Molly’s head.  She gives a surprised yelp and darts up when she feels your fingers also the back of her head, grasping her hair tightly.  She doesn't struggle as you guide her to your crotch.  
	Her resistance fades as she darts towards your throbbing erection, her rough tongue coating it in slobber. Competitive Molly whines as Assertive Molly swallows your member.  She pulls your hand down between her legs, grinding your fingers against her sopping wet cleft.  She lies onto your arm, panting directly into your ear.  
	“Come on Anon, we know you want it as bad as us” she whispers.  
	You have no words for her.  Assertive Molly’s blowjob robs you of any thought save how amazing she is.  The snout of a dog with the intelligence of a human combined into an Uplift makes tongues feel...otherworldly!  She lacks Xiao Yu’s experience but more than makes up for it in volume!  She works every inch of your shaft simultaneously, that tongue rubbing and squeezing your member in ways you didn't think were possible, threatening to blow your load already!  Not yet!  Not yet!
	“I-”is all you can say before Calm Molly silences you, pressing your face between her legs.  The smell of aroused Doberman overwhelms your senses as you get drenched in dog juice.
	“Ffffuck” Calm Molly hisses, breathing heavily as she smashes you crotch into you harder and harder “I’ve wanted this for so long…”
You need air!  You reach up and pull Calm Molly off your face.  She yips in surprise while you push Assertive Molly off your painfully hard cock, your stomach tightening in anticipation of piercing Molly’s snatch.  Calm Molly freezes up when she feels your head prodding her entrance.  She grasp your shoulders, looking you directly into your eyes, lust and need reflecting in hers.  Slowly, inch by inch you dip into her warm hole, Molly’s eyes rolling up, her mouth forming a widening ‘O' as you fill her out.  A light sound escapes her throat as she hilts, her walls pulling against you, trying in vain to draw you in deeper.  “Oh god Anon” she whines.  
	The other jealous Molly's crowd around her.  “Well how is he?” Assertive asks.
	“Exactly as I wanted.  A perfect fit” she practically sings.  “A perfect fit!”, she repeats over and over as she bounces in your lap.  Just her voice is making it hard to hold back a climax you feel welling up inside you.  You try and fail to hold back a shot of pre as it spasms out, coating your duck in an extra layer of arousal.  If Molly noticed, she show no sign of caring as she grasps you for stability as she gyrates her hips in a circle, twisting up and leftwards, peaking at the center with your crown just barely kissing her entrance, before rotating down and to the right a split second later, enveloping you in the warm, welcoming embrace of her inner walls.
She hugs her siblings close as you start pushing up into her, slamming into her pussy halfway through each drop, hammering into her with such intensity words fail her.  Just a babble of incomprehensible sounds as the animal part of her mind takes over, a part.that has no rational thought or reason, just a bottomless need for dick.  
	The other Molly's grab a hand respectively, guiding your fingers to their entrances, wet with arousal, the heat emanating off their sex and pelting your hand with warmth before you even make physical contact.  As your digits part their folds, it only gets hitters as your fingers dip into a pair of ovens, squeezing against you as you probe deeper into them.  Assertive Molly whines, Competitive Molly moans, both grasp the bed tightly as you swirl around searching for that sweet spot.  Their legs shake and spread out when you graze against it, attempting to draw your entire hand in. 
	In turn you piston your fingers in and out in time with your pelvic thrusts, slapping your wet palms into their vulvas in a chorus of wet slapping and horny dog moaning.  Something wells up within you, surging up your cock and-
Calm Molly had to choose that moment to jump to high, your dick popping out of her dripping puss.  Like a meat fountain, a geyser of clear and white fluids fly up into the air, catching the light for the briefest moment before splattering all over Calm Molly’s stomach.
	“This isn’t the bathroom.”
	“Grandma?!”
	Your grandmother is standing in the doorway, watching you cum all over her Pets, all three clinging to you like you were their lifeline.  No faster boner killer than getting caught by family, any lust you may have had evaporating in an instant.
	“So, you wanna fuck my dogs?”
	“Grandma” you stammer.  “Thi-this isn’t what you may-”
	“I always knew my son was a dog fucker.”
	“I’m your grandson…”
	“Oh you are?  Huh.  Like father like son I guess” your grandmother grunts as she turns around.  “Ah-ah-ah...Ich persönlich bevorzuge Pferde” she mutters to herself as she continues her search for a toilet.
	You flop back in the bed, the girls still clinging to you.  Finally you speak.  “Xiao Yu wants to be my pet.”
	“Wait for real?”
	Assertive Molly pokes up, straddling your chest.  “She wants to live here?  With you?”
	“With us?”, Competitive Molly chimes in.  “Does she even know about us?”
	“Yeah I told her all about you girls” you groan, your endorphin rush wearing off, and the burning sensation of over-exerted muscles creeping into your limbs. 
	“She knows about us?  And she still wants to be a Pet?”
	“I thought she want you to marry her or something the way she’s been all over you.”
	“Yeah but Pet?”
	“I know right?  You think she’s pretty?”
“I bet she knows just what makes Anon tick.”
“You think she likes pasta?” 
The Mollys surge up, huddling together as they talk and giggle at this news.  Then they turn to you, three pairs of brown furry breasts pressed against your chest.  “And what did you say?”
	You hesitate as the Molly's look at you expectantly.  “Uh...I said I’d think about it?”
    “What?!”
    Wrong answer.
    The three Molly's size you, hoisting you up.  Assertive Molly growls “What kind of bullshit answer is that?!” 
    “She pours out her soul like that and all you can say if you’ll think about it?!” Competitive Molly exclaims.
    As one, all three girls pull you towards the door.  Calm Molly shouts at you “You are going back tomorrow and giving her a proper goddman answer!”, moments before you are unceremoniously dumped into the hall, door slamming behind you. 
    Where the hell did that come from?