https://static1.e621.net/data/3d/9b/3d9b8aa1accc47e0c04eca057dd4506e.png

>You are Anonymous, guardsman of a city on the fringes of the human kingdom.
>You were used to being called a hero of late, after having undermined a slave trade operation specializing in kobolds, but that all quickly changed the second the public’s eye turned in a different direction.
>The city’s Lord was making good money off of that operation, and with you at its spearhead your entire barracks of men were regulated to the night watch for ‘the foreseeable future.’
>The normal rotation was bad enough, but with you and your men taking it full time you felt more like a lifeless statue that only existed to guard and sleep.
>You slept the days and if your free time wasn’t at a ridiculous hour, you were impossibly tired for it.
>You make the best of it, swearing to do right by your home even if it’s master has spurned you.
>It’s only been a few weeks or so, but you intend to hear the people talking of how much safer the city was in the night.
>That was a lofty daydream though, one that was oft revisited while you walked the empty cobbles with torch in hand, passing the occasional beggar’s shanty.
>You complete the circuit you laid out for your men, ending back at your quarters built into a tower in the outer wall.
>The man who took the station before you heads off, taking a final bite of dried meat and donning his helm.
>He would’ve saluted you this time last month, but your men hated you for the punishment your honor brought on their heads. They too felt the disconnect from society.
>You remove your helmet and unfasten your gauntlets, running a hand over your head.
>Maybe you should find work elsewhere, that would get your men out of this rut. You did have some minor renown now for your actions.
>You rest on a bench and lean your spear on the wall behind you and stare off into the darkness you hardly noticed anymore, thinking.
>Being punished over your good deed wasn’t a surprise to you, you had no lofty ideals about the world, but you figured the Lord would’ve set his guard straight on the matter of his slave trading.
>Maybe if they told you to ignore it you would have, though you couldn’t make any promises about your conscious.
>It was just ridiculous. Your lords own forces had uncovered his own highly illegal slaving operation, and he was punishing you for his mistakes. He must be as dumb as a rock.
>The darkness you’re staring into shifts slightly. If it was steady obvious shifting you would’ve believed it to be some beggar or fool running about with no torch, but the careful slowness of it puts you on edge.
>You drop your bucket over your head and grab your spear, dropping half way into your combat stance.
>You call out a challenge to the darkness, wondering all the while if someone has finally decided to have you killed.
>A small figure bursts from the darkness, maybe four feet tall. You catch merely a glimpse of inhuman features before it throws itself smoothly into a leap.
>Instead of heading for you though, it arcs towards your spear which is stretched out before you, pointing just off to the side of the figure.  Despite your training and your pride you watch the figure sail through the air and land on your spear just short of it’s head.
>The spear angles downwards in your hand violently as the figure lands, one of its legs on each side of the weapons shaft.
>In the light of a wall mounted torch you make out a kobold, it’s scales a soft red that turns into a pale white on it’s underside and end of the muzzle.
>The only thing it’s wearing is a loincloth which looks to be made by some second hand belt and a few scraps of cloth.
>You try to pull your weapon back away from the creature, and it lets out a quiet, throaty moan. Did it somehow run itself through?
What is the meaning of this?
>The kobold looks to you with cat-like eyes, the torchlight making them twinkle in a pure blue brilliance. It speaks in a breathy accent, it’s words working their way around sharp teeth, “Youh are Anonymous?”
Yes.
>”Youh saved me, and my family.”
It was your job.
>It seems to think this over before replying, “It was more than that. Youh went above call of duty, youh and your men acted with honor, and were punished.”
>You have no idea how to respond, so you stay quiet. The kobolds whiter muzzle starts to slowly change red. Was it blushing?
>”We owe youh a great reward, and I volunteered for this honor.” It reaches down and pulls away the front of it’s loincloth, revealing supple reddish white scales that press against your spear, the length of wood glistening with moisture in the unsteady light.
>”I am an adult this moon, unsoiled thanks to your honor. I give to youh my greatest treasure.”
>You can’t help but stare at her exposed body, aware of her crystal clear shining blue eyes watching you with amusement and likely lust.
>Maybe it’s the bad mood you’ve been in, or maybe you’ve always been a little weird, but you are instantly captivated by the kobold.
You like the offer, but this isn’t the ideal place to accept it.
>She smiles, “I have prepared my room for youh, my hero.”
>You give her exposed, scaled pussy another glance and accept on the spot, helpless to do anything else.
>She guides you a short way through the city, and unsurprisingly you find yourself at a row of wooden barrack like buildings your Lord donated to the unfortunate slaves in an attempt to save face.
>She pulls you into one without a word, and by the light of your torch you find every bed covered in its own blankets, furnishings, and completely empty.
>Many of the beds sit in segregated rooms made with professional looking wooden walls.
>You don’t know what you expected slaves to make of themselves in such a short amount of time, but everything you see has an oddly comfortable quality that reminds you of a home.
>She guides you to a larger than average segregated room which sports a pink curtain over a slim doorway.
>Her room is a just a bed and a nightstand, though you’re surprised to find the bed human sized, unlike the others.
>She notices your gaze and speaks up, her soft breathy voice sounding more alluring by the second, “Human sized, just for youh.”
>She presses against you for a minute, before becoming visibly upset at your armor and clothing. Taking the torch from your hand to light a few candles, she urges you to undress.
>You’ve never been more happy to remove your armor at the end of your shift. Ever the gentlemen, you ask her name while you work on taking off your pants.
>”I am known as Alymm, my handsome hero.”
>By the time you’re standing bare she’s reclining on her side along the bed, her loincloth’s belt undone but still covering her. She waves it at you teasingly, the cloth threatening to fall away on it’s own.
>You lean over her and press your mouth against hers. It’s a very sloppy, awkward meeting but the little kobold girl gives it her all.
>You pull aside her loincloth and press your hand downwards, finding those oh so soft scales and their moisture. Despite her obvious arousal her body is oddly cool.
>Her intensity increases dramatically as you run your fingers along her slit, one of her tiny hands fondling your rapidly hardening cock.
>Pressing a single finger into her proves to be harder than expected, though you still get a wonderful feeling of her tight, cool flesh parting for your digit.
>She presses against your arm with both hands, and backs away from your lips,“It is forbidden to lose yourh virtue to any but the right tool.” One of her hands rubs your cock as if trying to get the point home.
That might not be easy considering the size difference.
>She shakes her head, “I give youh all I am, I care not the difficulties.” She presses her muzzle back against your lips, and puts both her hands at work on your hardness.
>You respect her wishes, only grinding your fingers against the opening of her slit. The little kobold twitches and moans, her ministrations on your manhood growing unfocused though she continues to regard it lustily.
>With a start she pushes back from you and shifts on the bed, her head facing your crotch. Without warning she envelopes your cock as much as she can with her toothy maw, her tongue doing most of the work.
>You groan and reflexively thrust in the kobolds mouth, her wet tongue and mouth bathing your aching hardness in attention.
>You urge her off shortly, your mind focused on one thing. Seemingly understanding this, she lays on her back and spreads her legs wide, offering her prize.
>Leaning over the kobold you press your throbbing saliva coated head against her scaled opening, the soft scaled flesh parting slightly around it, though you make no progress inwards.
>Her draconic blue eyes stare up at you, lust and something deeper plainly visible on her features. The little kobold absolutely adored you.
>You take one of her tiny hands in yours, and give a squeeze while you press forward harder.
>Those shining eyes flutter for a moment, a moan builds in her throat and at last her body yields to yours, allowing you to sink the tip of your manhood into her.
>As you felt before she’s not warm, though the little kobold’s pussy is everything else you could wish it to be. It hugs you tightly, muscles twitching and spreading her wetness as soft, firm walls grip at you.
>It feels so good you press forward again, and while her body parts wonderfully for you, she cries out wildly.
Did you need to stop?
>Her eyes smoulder with lust and her fanged maw is open, tongue nearly lolling out. Her little frame heaves with her heavy breathing, and tiny pleased noises constantly escape her.
>You get the feeling the process of a kobold losing her maidenhood is a little different than a human girl.
>She writhes against you, pushing her body against yours as much as she can in her frantic need, her opening enveloping a tiny bit more of you. “Please, don’t stop. It’s so warm.”
>You press forward again while she does all she can to aid you, your manhood sliding nearly all the way inside. Alymm’s breathy voice cries out with abandon, and devolves into panting moans. “Please, take all of me. I give it to youh, please.”
>You honestly have no clue how the little kobold has managed this much of you, but you obey and with some difficulty manage to hilt yourself in her.
>With your hips firmly pressed against her shapely ass and her pussy stretched wide, Alymm reaches her peak. She literally screams out, eyes closing and her body shaking as her muscles convulse and stimulate you.
>You grunt and press harder against her, which gets her going even more, and for an eternity all you know in the world is the fair kobold maiden cumming on your cock.
>As she comes down from her high you give her a rest, staying completely inside of her as the two of you share breaths.
>She whispers your name as her eyes flutter open, eyes that were still catlike, though their color had changed to one that was more familiar. That was the same color as yours, wasn’t it?
>Her two hands grab one of yours, and guide it to her chest so you can feel her heartbeat. Her eyes, your eyes, look up at you and still seem to catch all the firelight in the room perfectly. “I am yours,” She states simply.
>Your manhood twitches impatiently inside her, and she wiggles and hums appreciatively at the sensation. “Yours completely, forever. Yours to sate your need with as you please.”
>Now that, you could get behind.
>You pull out of the tight kobold and thrust inwards, finding that she parts perfectly for you, and her body moulds to yours with her legs spread wide.
>She moans appreciations, increasingly pleased by your warmth, which you’re starting to feel now that the two of you are in full swing.
>Her pleasured writhing changes slowly, and soon she’s meeting your thrusts perfectly, happily pressing her tender scaled pussy around your manhood.
>Alymm almost seems to worship you as she moans your name, her draconic eyes distant with untold bliss while you heartily breed her.
>You pause to sure up your stance though Alymm doesn't even seem to notice, continuing to eagerly work her body against yours.
>Looking down at her you meet her eyes while she smiles wide and doesn't miss a beat, continuing to fuck and moan.
>You watch the kobold happily spear herself on you over and over, a familiar pressure building stronger than ever before.
>You easily fall back into pace and meet her hips twice, feeling deep within her each time.
>Pure bliss starts to flood your mind and you press your weight against the little kobold with a final thrust, pinning her underneath you as your cock starts to twitch.
>You cum deep inside the kobold, the heights of pleasure pounding your mind while you throb inside of her again and again and again.
>She's moaning so loud she might be screaming again, and you can feel yourself groaning though you can't hear it.
>Finally your orgasm subsides, and you collapse on top of Alymm, almost entirely covering her.
>You catch your breath and pick yourself back up, finding the kobold looking beyond pleased. 
>With a little effort you manage to pull yourself out of her, and lay on the bed next to her, pulling her against you.
>She moves a little to help lay next to you, but otherwise seems totally out of it. Did you break her?
>You rub a hand over her flat scaled chest, feeling her heartbeat again while you call her name.
>She blinks and looks around herself as if waking up.
>”Hey,” She says dreamily, smiling even more when she sees you.
Was she alright?
>”I'm more than alright, that was, that was everything I ever hoped it would be.” She grabs your hand with hers, “And I did it with you!”
>You squeeze her hand and kiss her. It's still an odd matching of bodies, but it feels much less awkward and much more enjoyable now.
>”We're bonded now,” she says with half a whisper when you pull away.
That's good, isn't it?
>She nods, “it's like marriage, but real.”
>What?

>You walk through the street with Alymm on your back, feeling her attention sway from merchants to travelers to birds.
>She regards the sunset and you look up to watch it with her, humming in appreciation. The world seemed so much more enjoyable when you experienced it with your Bondmate.
>You arrive at your unit’s tower in the wall, and swing the door open.
>Inside is a familiar smell, one you thought you left behind with Alymm’s tiny room.
>The smell of men and female kobolds going at it like rabbits.
>You climb the spiral staircase to the first landing, finding each if your men sharing their beds with a smaller form.
>Those in the bed closest to the steps turn to regard you with two identical pairs of brown eyes, one set human and the other draconic.
>”I forgot to mention it,” Alymm speaks up, “but we wanted to thank all the men who saved us.”