>You're not sure what to make of this
>Anon is in your bedroom
>No, not a bodypillow or cosplayer, THE Anon
>Furless skin, plain T-Shirt, near 6 foot height (or so he claims), no tail and all, lying unconscious on your bed
>Sure, you could chalk it up to a really well-done cosplay, but his method of arrival is what solidifies your proof of him being the real deal
>You wished for him from a dinky looking CYOA
>It wasn't anything you paid much mind to, just something to pass the time while browsing the internet during the winter standstill between heavy snowfall and holiday celebrations
>Post your wish, see if the last two numbers in your post number hits that lucky spot, then brag about you winning
>Others having already made their own wishes and shitposts, you add on to the pile with your own post stating "I want an Anon from An Anonymous Proxy Near You to love"
>Sure enough, you not only won, but you got quads
>Before you could brag about your small winnings, you were quickly blinded by a bright flash quickly filling your room
>As you blink away the white haze from your eyes, you look around the room and nearly jump out of your chair as you spot a figure standing near your bed looking your way
>Scrambling for some item of improvised use as a weapon on your desk, you see the blurry figure stumble from side to side before collapsing backwards onto your bed
>You watch his still form for a minute, then put your plastic, vidya figurine back to the side of the desk
>Rubbing the last of the blur from your eyes, you slowly approach your bed to examine the sudden intruder
>Your eyes widen as you quickly recognize who it is
>It was Anon
>The next several minutes were spent with you feeling his smooth skin, making sure he was alive, checking to see if this really WAS him, and then quickly entering a mixture of incomparable ecstasy, shock, and confusion
>The thread still up with your post in the center, every so often automatically updating with a post most likely congratulating your get, you quickly realized his method of arrival
>Wonder and bewilderment once again washing over you as you begin to comprehend the true existence of the existence of wishes, your trip on this train of thought came to a swift end as a light groan emanated from Anon
>His body began to stir, his hands slowly reaching up to his own face
>You're not sure at all what to do, but a sudden thought came across to you as you spotted your form in the mirror
>Brown haired with a bushy tail, round fuzzy ears, four feet tall with a tan color of fur on your chubby belly, fluffy cheeks, and perky breasts, and a set of thick framed glasses perched on your button nose; all normal details for a chipmunk such as you
>But most importantly at the moment: you're dressed in only a bra and loose panties, having discarded your pants and shirt the side for comfort
>As various awkward and disastrous scenarios regarding his first impression of you begin to fill your mind, you scramble for your clothes and hurriedly try to put on your shirt
>Just before you can shove your last arm through the sleeve, you freeze as you see a groggy Anon viewing you with confusion
>A thick tension is held in the short span of time you two silently stare at one another
>You still frozen in place with your shirt halfway on your body and pants next to your feet, and him quietly observing you with a disoriented expression as he sits up on your bed
>You don't know what to say
>The silence must be broken
>"...Hi?" you quietly peep
>"What the hell..." Anon mutters, slowly pushing himself back against the wall
>You finish putting on your shirt and blindly reach down for your pants as you state, "It's not what it looks like! I'm just-"
>"What is this?!" he shouts, stumbling off of the bed and onto the floor
>You jump backwards with a meep as the confused Anon scrambles past you and out of the room
>Quickly putting your pants on, you follow after him as you hear his footsteps echo through the house from down the stairs
>Once you reach the bottom of the stairs, you hear the front door get thrown open and feel a blast of cold air rush through the house
>You turn the corner and see Anon standing before a pile of snow as tall as you blocking the way out, with only more snow equally as mountainous outside in the overpowering snowstorm
>You can see his head look from left to right as he tries to figure some way of escape, but considering his modest clothing, you assume he is reluctant due to his poor chances of survival in the desert of snow
>"It's OK, I wont hurt you." you try to explain in an attempt to calm him, mentally berating yourself for having said something more appropriate for a toddler or injured animal
>Anon turns around, his body already beginning to shiver from exposure to the low temperatures and expression still frightened and confused
>"I got some... uh...", you say, trailing off as you try to recall anything you have that he might like
>'Don't say eggs, don't say eggs.'
>As you quietly ponder, a memory resurfaced
>You recall a particular product placement that was pushed heavily around season 16, then became a small staple throughout the series
>It was his, or at least it was for the Anon in the show's, favorite drink, and he even had his own short series of bottles with his depiction on the label
>"I got some Dr. Pepper?"
>Things have calmed down for the moment
>Though reluctantly, he accepted your offer of Dr. Pepper and is attempting to relax in the living room while sitting across from you on the sofa
>His body still shivers, though you're not sure if it's because of the lack of proper heating in order to save money or because he still isn't used to suddenly arriving here
>"So... Do you know what happened when you, uh... Arrived here?" you ask, knowing fully well of how and why he suddenly appeared in your bedroom
>"I was just playing video games at home and I blacked out, then I woke up to you undressing..." Anon says, holding onto the Dr. Pepper tightly
>You brush at your cheek fluff in an attempt to look casual, dismissing his claim with "No, no, you just appeared when I was... about to go to bed."
>Not wanting to paint yourself as a lazy slob, you feel a slight sense of relief as he nods to your answer
>Aside from the wind blowing outside, the room is silent as you try to think of something to further the conversation
>You decide to ask about him; where he's from, what his name is, other questions of the sort
>Of course, you already knew everything down to his birthday, favorite color, and even his opinion regarding Skub
>But not only was it an attempt to soothe his nerves by allowing him to speak, but you wanted to disguise your knowledge of his personal life being contained within a foreign cartoon
>Perhaps later you could tell him of this, but a part of your brain tells you that informing him of being the star of a fictional TV show for filthy geeks such as you at this current moment would probably send him on a fit
>But then he asks about you
>While you don't want to out yourself as a stay-at-home loser who spends all of her free time at the computer, you skip your hobbies
>"My name is Tammy. I work at the grocery store several minutes out of the neighborhood, but I'm out till the snow clears."
>'A lame explanation, but it works.'
>"Are there others... like you?" he asks, sipping his drink
>You nod and answer "Well, yeah, others like me, but there are others like wolves, bears, mice, water bears... The neighbor next door is a raccoon, and uh... That sort of deal."
>Another pregnant pause, another questioning of your choice of answer as Anon quietly ponders about his situation
>'For a magical wish, this really isn't that fantastical. I feel a bit bad about this...'
>Anon takes a drink from his soda and shivers at the cold temperature in the room
>"How long will the snow last?" he finally asks
>"From what the weather tells me, not for six days. Why?" you ask
>'He wants to leave. I don't blame him, but he's got nowhere to go. Hell, if anything, he'll just be picked up by the nearest group of suits to be dissected if fics about the only real life human on the planet is anything to go by.'
>Anon looks back down at his soda, his previously calmed expression returning to a look of worry
>"I don't know." he finally answers
>"You want to go back to your home?" you ask, guilt beginning to settle in
>A quick smile flashes on his face as he gives a short laugh, confusing you somewhat at his response
>"Except for my computer, no. Don't really have much reason to go back home." he answers
>'That's right, I forgot. At the start of the latest season, he was drowning in debts, worked a dead-end job, still hadn't had a date ever since season 15, and had little to no connections with his family. The latest episode he was very downbeat; his only excitement in the day coming from his computer. Of course he'd have no good reason to ever go back to that.'
>'... Wait. Wait wait wait wait... Shit, this might just work.'
>"You can stay here, if you want. I-I mean, it isn't right to just toss you out in the snow, and all."
>Then you see it
>That simple thing that sets your heart aflutter and leaves your head light, something you've seen many times before on his show but never in person
>He smiles, just barely showing his teeth past his cute, human lips and says "Thank you."
>You try to hide your obvious swooning, thankful you're not as visually obvious as humans are when blushing
>"Sorry, but where can I sleep?"
>'Huh?'
>"Huh?" you ask, returning your attention back to Anon
>"I'm getting tired. Is the couch OK?" he asks
>"I mean, I guess, but you'll be freezing cold down here even with a cover. The room has poor heating." you lie, fully knowing that the living room's heat is turned down just because you solely spend 90% of your time at home in your bedroom
>"Oh. Is there a spare bedroom?"
>You DO have an extra room, but it's more suited for storage
>You only bought one bed for yourself, only entertaining the idea of guests staying over to sleep on your couch
>"Sorry, the only room with a bed is mine. But... I'm fine with you sleeping with me. In bed! I'm- I'm fine with you sleeping in bed with me!" you stumble
>"Are you sure? I can sleep on the floor if it's a problem." he says
>You wave your hand dismissively and say "No, no, please. I insist, I don't want you freezing or feeling bad."
>After a few seconds, he nods, sets your tiny beating heart aflame once more with his grin, and thanks you
>You lead the way up to your bedroom, eagerly grinning in anticipation for something among a list of things you've been wanting for a very long time
>You enter your bedroom with Anon following close behind you, motioning towards your grey blanketed bed
>As he approaches the bed he was unceremoniously dumped onto just an hour ago, you have another slight idea
>Turning to "look through" the top drawer of your dresser, you rummage around your various pairs of socks and undergarments before turning to sheepishly look at Anon
>"Uh... Hey, I just realized that I... Don't have any sets of pajamas." you inform him. "I don't want to, uh, weird you out, but is it OK with you if I sleep in just a... shirt and undies?"
>Though only slight, you can see his ears begin to turn red
>"Yeah, that's no problem." he answers, his voice much less obvious of his true opinion than his body
>'Oh hell yes.' you inwardly cheer, remembering his usual sleeping attire of just briefs from quite a few raunchy episodes set late at night
>After handing him a spare toothbrush, prepping yourself for bed and quickly excusing yourself to dress down to just a shirt and panties, you reenter your bedroom to see Anon slowly crawling under the bed 
>Unfortunately, fully clothed
>'No, wait, fuck.'
>"You OK with sleeping like that?" you ask
>"Well, I didn't want to be rude by taking anything off." he answers, his eye contact ever so briefly disconnecting with yours to look downward at your near bare legs and crotch
>Not wanting to push any further and show yourself to be the perverted little rodent that you are, you say "Just didn't want you to overheat or anything."
>Turning off the lights, you crawl into your bed, secretly giddy with excitement for not only having someone to sleep with, but THE Anon to cuddle!
>Or, you would be cuddling if he didn't pin himself against the wall, leaving ample room between you and him
>Once again, you want to distance yourself from any negative implications, as painful as it is to force yourself to not indulge in your fantasies straight away
>"Well... Goodnight." you say, shifting to where your back is to him
>"Goodnight." Anon says
>Excitement still overwhelming your nerves, you quietly lay on your side and wait
>You listen in on the sound of cloth shifting, Anon breathing and idle scratching of his furless skin until you hear what you what you were waiting for
>The slow, rhythmic pattern of his deep breaths in and out through his nose
>He's completely asleep
>As he gently breathes in and out, you quietly and slowly begin to shift yourself onto your back then your side to face him
>Though the darkness gives no sign of his movement, he continues to breathe
>Your side now facing him, you then begin to scooch closer towards him, keeping an ear out for any sudden changes in sound
>Through what seemed an eternity of shifting, you finally manage to position yourself directly next to him
>His breath a ever continuous wave of gentle peace and slumber, now louder as you head is right beside his, you snake your arm through the cover and lay it across his warm, shirt-covered chest
>Still dissatisfied with his clothed form, you gladly take what you can get regardless
>Your operation near complete, you begin your final step and carefully lay your head just below his shoulder
>His breathing stops for the briefest second, your heart nearly stopping out of fear of awakening him, but resumes its soft pattern
>You've done it
>You're cuddling with someone
>And good fucking god is it fantastic
>The warmth shared from his body as it bleeds through the clothes
>The slight rise your head feels as he breathes in and out
>The near intoxicating smell of his person
>And the quiet atmosphere he provides beside you in his rest
>It's amazing
>As your eyelids slowly droop to a close, the last thought in your mind before you fall into a wonderful sleep was thankfulness for whatever force at hand granted you your wish

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Awaking is a strange process. It's as if you're suddenly "being" as you begin to feel everything around you that you grew numb to in your slumber. The slight movements of your fur all across your body, the toasty heat under the covers, and the disconnected sensation around your shoulders and hips. You let out a groan as you shift yourself on your back and open your blurry eyes to the popcorn ceiling. You contemplate staying in bed longer; it's not like you have anything to do or that anything happened-
 
All clarity returns to you in an instant as you take a sharp breath in. You quickly flip back to your side as vivid memories of you speaking with the titular Anon, only to feel crushing disappointment as you see nothing but the empty side of your bed.
 
"It... It was a dream," you mutter, feeling a deep sorrow well up in your gut.
 
You flop back onto your back to stare back up at the ceiling. It was almost funny, feeling this shitty about realizing that you being with the human Anon was nothing but a fantasy. You have had dreams like it before, typically far more outrageous in nature, but nothing that left you feeling as hollow as you do now. Maybe you should lay off on the soda and chip binging, aside from the obvious effects to you, it's probably messing up your dreams something fierce. Fuck, it was such a nice dream too: You and him just... sleeping together, you cuddling him and feeling his warmth and breathing... Far better than that pillow you have buried in the closet.
 
You run your hand through your hair and fur as you contemplate wallowing in your lonely misery some more in bed or getting up to do more nothing like you were yesterday... Eh, it's warmer in bed, so that option is already winning out over screwing around on the computer. Hell, maybe you could fish out the cum towel and "wake yourself up" some without needing to throw the bedsheets in the wash. You lazily scan your bedroom for wherever you threw the towel, your eyes drifting from the computer, to the laundry basket, to the human standing in your doorway, to-
 
"Holy fucking shit!" you yell out, scrambling yourself into an upright position. You see him flinch and back away at your outburst, but thankfully your brain finally starts to kick in as you stare at the person and notice his notable lack of fur. "Shit, I- I'm sorry, I thought... Oh, man..." You rest a hand on your chest and let a breath out. 
 
"Sorry, I... I just had to go use the bathroom," he speaks, still seemingly on edge.
 
"God... I thought, uh... Heh, I thought all of last night was a dream at first."
 
"Yeah, uh... Me too."
 
You were ready to laugh a bit more before a sudden realization struck you as memories of last night become more clear in your mind: 'He woke up to me layin' all over him.' You can feel your cheeks and ears begin to burn, part of you thankful that he can't, or at least shouldn't, see your embarrassment through your fur. Your eyes dart down to your nearly naked self, the bed, then back at Anon. There's an uncomfortable still in the air, the only sound being the wind carrying early flurries outside the window. Thankfully, he breaks the silence before you could rush for something to say.
 
"I, uh... I wanted to ask. Can I use the shower, or..."
 
"Huh? Oh! Y-Yeah, that's no problem. I mean, not like I'm just gonna tell you to not shower, y'know?" you respond, hoping to ease tensions with a slight joke. It didn't succeed. 
 
'Shit, did he think that was weird? Fuck, he probably already sees me as a weirdo creep for waking up to me laying all over him.'
 
"Well, thank you. I, uh, didn't see any towels in the bathroom though," he continues, pausing for a moment to reach for something out of view. His hand tugs on a white cloth that was hanging on the doorknob and holds it up, revealing a- Oh God no. "Is this the only one, or-"
 
"No!" you shout out, instantly regretting your brash and incriminating reaction. "No, it's- Ah, there's more under the sink. That one's just... Dirty. Y'know, been using it for a while, just been too lazy to get it washed."
 
"Oh. Thank you," he responds as he places the towel back on the doorknob. You hope to whatever higher being up above that he didn't notice any of your frequent sinnings on the washcloth. "And can I use the soap and whatever else?"
 
"Yeah," you answer, the burning on your cheeks now a scorching heat from the big-ass bullet you just dodged.He nods and thankfully excuses himself before you could embarrass yourself any further. You contemplate asking if he wanted you to take his clothes to wash, but without any to give him other than your own, the effort seems wasted.
 
'Guy probably would think I'm a creep wanting to see him naked or sniff his clothes or something,' you muse as you slowly stumble out of bed. 'I mean, he did smell nice, but I wouldn't go that far...' You consider throwing on some clothes while you wait, but you'd rather get it over with after taking a shower. Usually, you'd just sit in the buff or in a bathrobe, but with company over now you're obligated to be presentable. Especially when it's a potentially stressed out interdimensional being that was brought to your bedroom solely by a CYOA thread.
 
You eye the computer, remembering that you neglected to turn it off last night in the rush of things. With a jostle of the mouse, the PC hums to life as it returns to the CYOA thread now most likely archived. 'I should probably get rid of this....' you think as you click the tab off, 'He'd probably have a fit if he found out-'
 
The potential repercussions of him being here begin to fully settle in as you start to realize the possibilities of him finding out about his true origins. What if he literally explodes into a dark hole or something if he finds out he's just a boytoy character for weirdo girls like you to ogle? Or goes crazy? Fuck, you'd probably snap if you found out your whole life was a piece of fiction made to appeal to some non-anthro beings into your not-so-wholesome slice of life shenanigans. 'Well, maybe I'd be OK with it finding out I'm someone's waifu- But who knows if he's even OK with that kinda weird shit.' 
 
Just as you hear the water begin to flow for the shower, you come to a decision: you need to hide every bit of media you have of him. Manga, your porn stash and reaction images, straight-up just delete the anime channel off of your TV; everything must go. You quickly speed through your room to bury any and all media of him. If he's like he is in the show, Anon takes a shower for roughly five to eight minutes, potentially longer due to the situation he was flung into and no longer having an 8-to-5 to worry about. Books are hidden deep in the closet, porn stash and reaction images are buried inside of the osu game folder, and the anime channel is deleted just in the nick of time.
 
... At least, so you thought. 
 
A minute passes. 
 
Then two.
 
Five.
 
Eight.
 
It's been near eighteen minutes and you can still hear the water running. Is he OK? Before you wonder about going upstairs to check on him, a memory resurfaces from the bog pit you call your mind: episode 18 of season 11. The aptly fan-titled "depression arc". A whole mess of things done around the early 2000s to face fan complaints about the series being too cheerful and light-hearted as opposed to how it was initially. It was a twenty to thirty minute shower after a long day of misfortune from everything and everyone around him.
 
Worry starts to well up within you now as you recall that episode. 'But he seemed OK yesterday? Was that an act or something?' Now you really begin to contemplate going up to ask if he's OK or just keep sitting tight in the living room to avoid any further awkwardness. Thankfully, the distant sounds of the shower come to an end. You tap your feet against the wooden floor as you wait on the couch, clicking and clacking your nails against the hard surface until you eventually hear the bathroom door open.
 
He descends the stairs after another minute, eventually revealing himself to you. His eyes look to you and then suddenly dart to the wall and floor. 
 
'What? What's he-' You look at yourself. You were in such a hurry to hide the stuff about him that you neglected to hide a bit of your shame. You're presented to him in nothing but your skivvies, thankfully the plain jane kind than the truly dorky stuff you got on sale once online.
 
"Shit, I- Uh, heh, forgot I wasn't here alone," you fib, hoping he buys your terribly shit excuse.
 
"Uh, yeah," he responds, seemingly accepting it. You can feel the burning around your face returning.
 
'Say something you idiot before things get any worse.'
 
"I'll, uh... Go take a shower now. Sorry about... Um... Well, feel, uh, free to get a drink from the fridge."
 
He nods slightly in agreement as he continues avoiding eye-contact, eventually leaving the stairwell to allow you passage to the bathroom. Without another moment, you head upstairs to recollect your clothes and enter the bathroom.
 
'God damn, girl, you are bombing every single talk you're having with him,' you mentally berate as you lock the bathroom door behind you. You let out a sigh and start to strip. While you expected your mind to run rampant with questions and thoughts on the one-and-only Anon in your house, surprisingly your head was as empty as ever as you washed yourself down. Eventually, you turned off the water and stepped out of the shower. You reach out for the towel only to stop and think: this is the towel he just used. You know you wanted to avoid being a creep, but, c'mon; you can't help but admit your curiosity is piqued just a little.
 
You shake your head, sending drops of water flying as you try to ignore your inner thoughts. You get a fresh towel and start rubbing yourself down, opting to ignore the other completely. After a few minutes, you eventually emerge from the bathroom fully dressed and ready to greet the day. Well, as much of a day as it is being snowed in with a now-nonfictional human. You still feel bewildered at the thought.
 
'Just imagine how he feels,' you ponder as you go down the stairs. 'Guy probably can't even think straight.' As you enter the living room, you see him with a Dr. Pepper can in hand at the couch. However, instead of drinking it, he studies the can closely as he rotates it around.
 
"Whatcha doing?" you ask as you take a seat at the chair beside him. He looks up from his can and then puts it down on the table.
 
"Just... Looking at this," he answers as he gestures to the can. "I'm surprised that... Well, there's this kinda drink in this... I dunno, world?"
 
"What, soda?" you ask, knowing full well what he meant.
 
"No... Well, I guess, but I just mean... It's just weird finding this brand here."
 
'Hoo boy, just wait until he finds out about the other product placements. Gotta make sure to avoid getting him to a grocery store and finding Slippy N' Sippy's soup- Aside from obvious reasons, anyway.'
 
"So, what kinda stuff from 'your world' is or isn't here?" you ask. Like before, you already know damn well near every little facet of his fictional setting, even the knock-off brands and names to fit his human world.
 
"I... I don't know, I guess, just, stuff that people- Uh... Humans, are in isn't. It'd probably be better to ask what kinda stuff here does my... world, have or not have."
 
'Well, for one, there are things that have humans in them, just not in the way he expects. Probably best not to bring up vidya or anime... Shit, what do regular people talk about?'
 
"Well, there's... clothes," you respond, spitting out the first thing that came to mind fully separated from the nerd media you consume.
 
"Clothes?"
 
"Yeah, like... Well, humans don't have tails, and-" you start, cutting yourself off immediately with a cough as you realize your first slip up. "Or, at least, I assume. You know, looking at you and all!"
 
'Nice save, dumbass.'
 
"But, em... You have water-rebreathers for the Pacificans and other ocean people, the... thin, plastic-rubber-something shoes for the flying anthros... You have anything like that?"
 
He shakes his head. "No, and... Well, you say anthros, and last night you mentioned bears and raccoons and all, and... We don't have anything like that, or, like you with chipmunks... Kinda."
 
"Huh?" you respond in feigned ignorance.
 
"It's just humans. I mean, there're animals that look like... I guess if the others look like you then they look like... People like you, just not walking on two legs?"
 
You nod along, despite already knowing this, and just the common knowledge that there are animals like anthros in "your world". You'd bring it up, but you don't want to get into a weird biology debate about why things are the way they are. "Huh. So... No fur, feathers, or scales?"
 
"Nope."
 
"Huh. Are you, uh, cold without it?" you ask, genuinely wondering how exactly he's fairing at the moment. The manga and show never go into the thought, with the only answers being supplied by fan theories and assumptions. Maybe it's like a sphynx cat where they're just cold all the time? It's probably a real stupid question to ask, but shit, you're making grounds here talking to the first-ever living human being, so you might as well indulge in your little fantasy.
 
"I... guess so. I'd appreciate being warmer, but, I guess clothes help with that."
 
You bite the inside of your lip, wondering if you should've just obliged him and turned up the heat than have him sleep in your bed... But then again, it was absolutely pleasurable just being there with him, so maybe you'll keep up this charade for a little while longer. "Yeah... Speaking of which, I guess I should try and get you some, huh? Not unless you want some that probably wouldn't fit you from my closet."
 
"Heh, yeah... They'd probably be a little baggy on me," he says with a smirk, his eyes widening and smile disappearing as he no doubt realizes what he's said. While you can't say you're surprised, knowing fully well how loose his lips are, you won't deny that it hurt a bit.
 
"Yeah, I guess so," you respond with continued ignorance and a false upbeat tone, hoping to avoid another awkward silence. You see him let out a small breath, and then crack open the can to take a drink.
 
"So...." he says, trailing off as he breaks eye contact to look at the TV, "I'm wondering what kind of movies and TV shows you have. Y'know, see what kinda things my ho- world, has."
 
You feel a bit of adrenaline kicking in momentarily, but your heart calms down as you remember you had already removed the anime channel. You think the other streaming channels won't have anything that'll bring up too many questions, let alone the show he's from you should hope, but is it worth that risk? "Well, uh, I don't know if you have this saying, but, 'there's thousands of shows and nothing to watch.' Would probably just be real boring."
 
"We do, actually. But still, I'd be interested in seeing. Would probably be faster than talking about what stuff is different and the same."
 
You chew on the inside of your lip again, wondering if you could fish up another excuse to use. You would ask about talking more about himself, but you've already done plenty of that last night. 'Shit, I can't pretend there isn't a signal... Maybe I can just pick the shows he can watch, then when he's away make sure there isn't anything that'd cause him to flip.'
 
"Well, alright," you respond. You give the living room a quick scan for wherever you ditched the remote last, then upon finding and retrieving it you start up the TV. With a few clicks and loading, you quickly go to the search bar to avoid pulling up any cartoons with humans in it on the recommended. "Just, uh, going to pick a show I've watched before," you briefly explain to him. You take a few moments to think of something, only to eventually settle on a show about pawn shop items that your dad likes to watch whenever he stops by. Not your favorite, or really anything you tolerate beyond a passive and brief interest whenever someone puts it on; but hey, it works.
 
As you start the show, you glance at Anon on the couch. Before you could start to speak, you find your gaze lingering on his arms poking through his T-shirt. While you can't really tell if he's cold, you can't help but wonder. "Here, gonna let it play. I'll be right back," you say as you get up from your seat to go back to your bedroom. As you re-enter your bedroom, you grab the covers off of your bed to bring back for him. However, you stop as you look at yourself once again in the mirror.
 
That slip of the tongue still sticks with you, even despite knowing he's had that issue as far back as season 2. You won't deny it, you're... husky, in physique anyway. Besides, the winter coat is making things look worse than it seems.
 
"... Oh, who am I kidding?" you mutter to yourself. Calling yourself "thick" with two C's at this point is about as correct as calling your stick-bug co-worker "somewhat skinny". You kept putting off exercising like your Pandamonium friend keeps recommending you, and now with a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity sitting right in your living room, now it's all caught up with you. At the very least you're not as bad as the boar across the street, but it's still not a proud shape to be in. You don't even know if he likes girls "like you" anyway, barring the fact you're not even the same species.
 
You try to shake your head of these thoughts. You never know, after all. Just have to keep going steady... Besides, even if your wish WAS to have him be your husbando, just him being here is good enough, right? Nothing any kind of collector-asshats can beat what YOU have. You got the real, genuine deal, baby.
 
Your confidence less-than-improved with your pep talk, you return back downstairs with blanket in tow. You see him look at you with a hint of surprise on his face. "Just figured you'd be cold," you say as you sit beside him and place the cover on his lap.
 
He looks down at the cover, then places his drink down on the coffee table in front of him before saying, "Thanks." He drapes the cover over himself, then retrieves his drink as he continues watching the TV. You think you've seen it before when your dad was here; something about trading cards or some sort of toy. Every so often he would speak up, often talking about an equivalent that you already knew about from his show. Despite this, it was cute watching him talk, but you can't help but wonder and think as you look at him under the blanket.
 
"Hey," you speak up, momentarily cutting him off before he could speak up about the misprint card. "I'm, uh, getting kinda chilly here. Not trying to be weird, but, that's the only cover I have. You... You mind?"
 
You see him take a moment as he looks at you, no doubt contemplating whether or not he should agree to have a stranger like you get so close to him. "Yeah, uh, sure," he answers, lifting up the cover's edge to allow you to be under it. Of course, you were lying through your teeth, but what's the harm in it? You scooch yourself closer to allow the cover to lay over you, giving you a good excuse to be as close to him as you are. As you settle in a few inches away from his body, he remains quiet as the show continues. Eventually, he slowly begins speaking up and asking more questions as more items were shown and discussed.
 
You'd answer them as they came along, but you can't help but admit that you're in your own little world at the moment. You take a deep breath in through your nose and out your mouth, catching the slightest hint of the scent of his skin. That calming scent you just can't explain that was oh-so relaxing to experience when in bed with him. You'll no doubt have some issues pop up later, but you can worry about that later. You just want to enjoy the moment as it is now.