In the distance, you can hear howls of frustration as the slavers must have arrived at the empty camp. They sound angry having not only lost their boss but failing to get revenge on the people who had killed her. Aurora and Triant are ahead as you follow closely behind. The forest is cool and wet in the early morning and in the distance, you can just faintly see the sky turning a bright pink and yellow. You all walk in silence only stopping as Aurora and Triant try to see if any slavers may have followed. Eventually, you reach a hill overlooking the camp and surrounding area and stop. 

From a distance, you can see the now burning wreckage of the camp along with its giant plume of smoke. Without a shirt, you sit there shivering in the early morning cold. Aurora seeing this comes over and wraps her arms around you covering you in her warm fur and begins to nuzzle you. Triant is the first to speak, "that fire should have covered some of our scents, but it won't take them long to track us we have a few minutes to decide our plan of action"  her voice sounded cold and matter of fact as if stating a common known truth or something obvious. You chime in now "do you think they will follow us I mean they must know it was us who killed their boss?" Triant shakes her head, "It is for that reason they will follow us until we get to a place where they can't reach us or they will kill us." As if to underscore the point you hear howls and shouting coming from a considerably closer distance than the camp.

"I see no reason to change the plan from yesterday we have no choice as any stronghold is outside our reach, and the slavers would surely catch us on the way" Aurora is as adamant as she was yesterday about the bunker. She was also right if you could get in the slavers would have no chance of reaching anyone. If..., that was the word you had no idea how to get in as the door was either code or key protected, and either way, its gonna be hard. You think about telling her again how difficult its gonna be, but realize that wouldn't matter and it was your only option. Triant shrugged as if to say "what choice do I have?" and then motioned for you to take the lead.

Using your directions you lead on towards the bunker, the sun now up started casting its golden rays in between the pine trees. The wind every so often rushing through sounding like a giant waterfall always in the distance unreachable. The sound only was broken by yells and howls of the pursuing slavers, it would have been a nice day had it not been for the slavers trying to hunt you down. Everyone walked in silence as to not give the slavers any more ideas on where you were located. It took a couple of hours to reach the bunker as both Aurora, and Triant would stop and have you double-cross to try and throw off the slavers. Several times it seemed that they had been thrown off only to hear the shouting moments later even closer. Eventually, it seems both of them give up trying to shake the slavers off and let you make a direct beeline to the bunker.

Finally, you end up in a clearing with scattered trees the afternoon sun making everything hot and sticky. Using your phone you narrow down the location of the hatch or door, it seems to be under one of the trees. "It's over here", you yell as you head towards the base of the tree.  Taking a shovel out you start digging, as both Triant and Aurora do the same. At first, the dirt is hard having been packed down by the grass and hundreds of years worth of sediment, but as you dig down further its much looser. In the distance, you hear the shouting from the slavers getting much closer and louder by the minute. A frantic dialog begins in your head as you dig, they could be here any minute you need to stall for time. You still have your gun with you, but with only six bullets you would need to make every shot count.  Then a thought hits you as you remember how accurate Aurora is.  Putting your shovel down you toss her the gun, "Aurora I want you to nail the first person that comes out of that wood you only have six shots so make them count, and only fire if they enter the clearing".  "But we don't have enough bullets to hold out", she replies picking it up not entirely sure about what you are asking. "I know that, but the slavers have no clue what guns are".  Understanding flashes across Aurora's face as she then turns to scan the edge of the clearing.  You and Triant keep digging down towards where the bunker door should be at an almost frantic pace. As the yells and howls are getting closer you reach what looks like an old concrete tunnel blocked with rubble. B A N G. Turning around you see a figure collapse on the clearing as the gun casing hits the ground with a metallic clang. Triant begins to draw her sword from her holster, but you motion for her to put it away and begin clearing the rubble.  B A N G, a second shot rings out as yet another figure crumples in the distance. "ANYONE WHO STEPS INTO THIS CLEARING WILL DIE IF YOU WANT TO GAMBLE YOUR LIFE AWAY STEP FORWARD AGAIN", Aurora yells so that any of the nearby slavers will think twice about trying to reach your location. Guess she understood what I was trying to do you think to yourself.  Knowing it won't scare them off for long as you and Triant continue dragging the rocks out of the way trying to reach what appeared to be an opening in the rocks.  It takes a while but you finally enter the tunnel and get a glimpse at the door.  you use the flashlight on your phone and your heart drops as you see the keycard protected door. BANG another shot and this time you hear the indistinct yelling between  Aurora and a member of the slavers. Panic is welling up as you realize you might not be able to get in, but you must try. Plugging in your phone into the keypad you get to work.
SEARCHING FOR INPUT...
INPUT NOT FOUND 
great the door is dead, using your phone's battery is your only choice now and you plug it into the panel knowing you only have minutes before your phone dies
SEARCHING FOR INPUT 
BATTERY @50%
DATABASE FOUND CONNECT (Y/N)?
CONNECTING.........
CONNECTED 
BATTERY @30%
Once connected you can circumvent the encryption by searching for an old military back door.
BATTERY @15%  
you go straight to the database of key cards in the system searching for the most recent use 
BATTERY @5%
 Suddenly you hear a satisfying click as the door unlocks. Just in time too as - BANG BANG shit it seems the natives are getting restless as you hear even more shouting Aurora shouts down towards you. "Anon we need that door open now the slavers are charging towards us" "I just got it Aurora if you want in now is the time, you shout back as you struggle to open the heavy door.  Without much more words both Triant and Aurora run through as you unplug your phone and shut the heavy door behind you hearing the automatic lock click as it loses power.

In the darkness of the bunker, you stand there trying to catch your breath as the stale air hits you and sends you into a coughing fit. From the sound of it, you hear Aurora and Triant panting as well somewhere nearby. THUD BANG BANG THUD. You can hear the door being hit with a heavy object. You jump back a little startled at the noise opening your eyes to see Triant moving toward the door. 
"Anon are you sure they can't breach the gate? she asks with some worry in her voice. "Pretty sure it would take a lot more than a rock to break that door" Unable to see you can't tell if Triant is still concerned about the now constant thudding and banging on the other side of the door. You then feel a furry paw touch your shoulder as Aurora must have silently walked over, and chimes in "I think our priority is figuring out what to do next given the current situation." "well we could wait them out I sure they will get bored" This time its Triant who chimes in, "as I said before Anon they won't, we have enough food and water for maybe three days before we will have to find more" "well if you need supplies there are probably plenty here we just need to find them after all these supplies were the reason we are here in the first place". For a while there is silence until you hear Aurora speak again this time with athority in her voice, "I agree that we should try and get those supplies, but we need to get back the castle. The last thing we need is a search party sent by my mother to find us in a human bunker gathering weapons". "well, in that case, Aurora I think the first thing we need to do is see if we can get the power on so we can see and don't suffocate due to lack of oxygen". "Where is this "power", Triant asks curiously.  "honestly?  I have no clue but we should find it soon I don't trust the quality of this air one bit".

The next few hours had you stumbling in the dark around the dark corridors of the bunker with Aurora and Triant following you. It still amazed you how well they could see in the dark compared to the near blindness you were walking in. Every room you could enter you had Triant or Aurora describes what was in each room to try and piece together what you were looking at. Multiple times Aurora "bumped" into you touching you in not so formal places, eventually, you took her paw and it seemed to stop. If it sounded similar to a generator room you would turn on your dying phone's flashlight to see what it was exactly they were looking at. After a while, you finally came to the room you were looking for as what could only be generator was sitting in the middle of the room making hissing noises. Using the flashlight you can read a faded start/stop label above a blue button, pressing it you hope beyond all hope it starts. The hissing grows louder as the engine roars to life and the lights start to flicker showing the dust-covered floors walls and generator. Triant jumps back and draws her sword and Aurora protectively hugs you. Chuckling you realize that they have probably never seen a light bulb or generator working before. Hearing you Triant looks embarrassed and slowly puts her sword back in its holster. Aurora slowly releases you regaining some composure roughly punches you, That wasn't funny Anon how was I to know that nothing would hurt us". "Sorry Aurora", you say rubbing your shoulder. The lights now on you notice the dirt and blood on Triant, Aurora and yourself." we should probably get cleaned up I guarantee that there are some showers someplace around here" Aurora and Triant both seem to agree and get up following you to the door.  Leaving the generator room you hear fans start-up across the bunker and the air seems to be less stale. Moving to the long corridor you notice that many of the walls are cracked and some of the concrete is crumbling. Looking at the wall closer you notice some faded color lines that run parallel to the floor each with a word printed in block letters every so often. Armoury(red) Dorms(Green) OPS(BLue) Garage(Grey) Mess hall (orange) Power and filters (yellow) Medical (purple). Following the green line, you find two sets of dorms one for the women and one for the men. Each had their separate bathrooms and a large space with chairs and one or two couches covered in a great amount of dust. Checking each of the rooms you found a small supply of toiletries and in the bathrooms several rows of dust-covered showers. You end up plundering the stores of toothpaste toothbrushes and military deodorant that you found and stuff some in your bag for safekeeping. Much to Aurora's chagrin, Triant pulls her away to the showers to have a"talk". Guessing it has something to do with your "adventure" last night you quietly excuse yourself for some much needed alone time. In the bathroom, you wipe off the mirror reveling a somewhat shocking sight. Your hair being uncut for a couple of months now was long enough to reach almost to your eyes. Your face had filled out with the longest beard you had ever known is a good two inches long by now, it had been annoying at first but with no razor, you had no choice to let it grow out.  The other thing you noticed was the disturbing amount of new scars on both your back and chest from the last few months. It was the first time you had seen them in great detail, and the sight was oddly comforting knowing that most came from someone who truly loved you. Taking a razor you slowly cut off the beard your face feeling quite weird with it gone. Then after brushing your dirty teeth you head for the shower.

At first, you were afraid that the water would not work, but after a little gurgling some brownish water came out. Not wanting to touch the water you use it to clean the dust off the floor and surrounding area until it gradually becomes clear. Soon you can also see steam rising from the now hot water and you step in. The feeling of the truly hot water is a welcome one and you slowly clean yourself off enjoying it. CLICK  Suddenly the light turns off as you stand there listening to the water hit the tile floor. At first, you think the power had failed, but you can still see the light from the corridor in the distance, as your looking you hear soft footfalls behind you and are wrapped up in a tight embrace. You begin struggling against the figure holding you until The familiar wet dog smell of Aurora tells you who it is. "Don't do that Aurora you scared me half to death". She nuzzles slightly biting you on your ear, "I thought you liked me"  "I mean- I do, but-", Your cut of as you feel a paw grasp your now erect member.  You kiss her realizing just what she wanted. she pins you to the now warm tile floor as the hot water hits you like raindrops. As she does so she buries her face into your groin, you feel the cold nose brush against your member followed soon after by her tongue softly licking it.  You shudder with the pleasure and moan softly. She continues even going so far as to put her muzzle around it. You feel as though you are going to burst as she suddenly stops going down on your erect member and wraps you in a tight embrace. The heat from her loins is insane and she forces your head into her wet fur its smell magnified tenfold. Your hands move along the small of her back rubbing against her wet and somehow still soft wet fur. You thrust with her enjoying both the heat and feel of her folds as they grasped around your member. She bites your ear and the pain and pleasure intermixes creating an incredibly erotic sensation.  Her moans tell you that she is enjoying the sensation as well and utterly powerless you let her kiss you deeply. As you feel her warm tongue explore your mouth you release your load unable to hold it any longer. She climaxes moaning loudly as you feel a lot more warm liquids than the water from the shower. You lay their exhausted as she softly bites your ear. "You are mine anon" she whispers pulling you closer. "I wouldn't have it any other way" you whisper back kissing her deeply.
 For a while you lay there just enjoying her soft touch and embrace, eventually, she gets up off of you and easily pulls you up off the floor. cleaning off again as you are covered in her femcum Aurora continues to embrace and nuzzle you. "Anon my love why must you always wash away my scent?" you can sense some annoyance in her voice as she nibbles your ear. "I am not trying to wash away your scent I am just trying to stay clean Aurora," you reply as you scrub yourself down with a rough military sponge. "You could have fooled me." She kisses you deeply and you kiss back enjoying the feeling of her long tong in your mouth. Releasing you Aurora walks softy over to the light and turns it back on with a loud click. She grabs a towel and tosses it to you as you begin to wipe off.  "I thought you were talking to Triant about something did you finish?" Aurora's tail and ears droop a little at your comment, "Well not exactly Anon I kinda snuck away when she wasn't looking."  As if on cue Triant walks around the corner looking extremely annoyed, "There you are Princess, I thought you might have come here." She then starts Dragging Aurora away out of the bathroom as she protests. "Don't ever do that again or I will make sure you never leave the castle again. It was an amazing sight to see Aurora being pulled around by the smaller wolfess   "Triant I just wanted..." Aurora is still struggling against Triant in a losing battle as she is pulled further away from the bathroom. "No excuses we still have a little to talk about "  with a  final pull she is dragged outside of the showers as you hear arguing outside in the hall. 

Finishing getting dry you pull on the military clothes that you had found while searching the dormitories a welcome replacement to your now destroyed shorts and shirt.  Now a sense of Intrigue driving you to find out what was so important that Triant had dragged Aurora out of the bathroom for.   Hurrying out of the showers you find the hallway empty and quiet.   A set of semi-wet pawprints were leading down the hall in the opposite direction from the dorms.  Following them, it seemed to be leading towards the armory as the faded red line soon became the only one on the wall.  You start to hear snippets of both Triants and Aurora's voice in the distance as you hear exclamations of "what's that!?! " and " Triant don't touch that! ".  Reaching what must be the armory you find a thin metal door ripped off its hinges and tossed to one side of the hallway as Triant and Aurora were standing in the middle of a huge cache of weapons. Triant is actively trying to touch everything as Aurora is trying in vain to stop her. 