Be Anon.
14 years old.
5 foot 7 inches (1.7 m) of pure nothing.
You had decided to run away from home mostly because of an abusive mother but also because you are an antisocial nobody who wont be missed.
For months you had been drifting up and down the Michigan wilderness surviving  with nothing but your wits, two knives, boots, jacket, jeans, t-shirt, ushanka, phone, and memories from boy scouts.
Its currently snowing like a bitch and you know that if you dont find shelter you will freeze to death.


"Fucking Michigan weather." You think to yourself.
After what felt like hours of walking in this fuckoff snowstorm you spot a house in the distance.
"Dont piss yourself with excitement Anon its probably abandoned." you mutter to yourself.
After a few more minutes of trudging through the snow you finally get to the house.
You nervously knock on the door and wait to see if anyone answered.
Your shocked that the door opens and when it does your treated to the sight of an anthro wolfess, she has dark gray fur, is about 7 foot 8 inches (2.3 m), looks to be about 24 years old, and is wearing sweatpants with a matching sweater.
After one glance at you your quickly invited in.
Once inside you strip off your heavily snow encrusted jacket, boots, and ushanka.
You promptly take a seat in her couch after that, then she sits down next to you.
"Are you ok?" She asks sounding worried.
"Not really. Just freezing cold." You reply.
"Here ill warm you up." After saying that she quickly sets you on her lap facing her and pushes your face in her neck floof with one arm as her other arm is wrapped around your back.
You feel as if you could just melt into her because she is so warm and her fur is so soft.
After a few minutes of this she unwraps you.
She grins at you and says "Did that warm you up?"
"Yes." You reply happily.
Wait a minute you just realized something, you dont know her name!
"Hey Miss if you dont mind me asking, whats your name?"
"Samantha. Whats yours kid?"
"Anon." You reply.
"Cute."
"Th-Thanks" You say trying not to blush.
"Hey Samantha since I dont know how long your gonna let me stay here especially since I just arrived could I get a tour of the house?" You ask.
"Sure Anon why not." She replies.
"Lets start here in the living room."
From what you can tell its a fairly standard living room, couch, small table, X-Box, flatscreen T.V, shelves to hold movies and whatnot.
"This is the kitchen."
It has various cupboards, a fridge, sink, dishwasher, pantry, the usual.
"Heres the bathroom"
Shower, sink, toilet, mirror, medicine cabinet, various toiletries.
After seeing yourself in the mirror you realize how raggedy you look, sure the bruises are gone but your hair is longer and you look dirtier than a dunecoon and way thinner than before you left.
"My room"
King sized bed, various dressers and shelves, computer, closets, a few clothing items laying around, some posters, nothing unusual.
"The basement, but im sure you dont want to see that."
"Your right I dont... No offence or anything!"
"None taken Anon"
"Hey is it okay if I... go take a shower" You say awkwardly.
"Yeah its fine go ahead."
"Thank you so much Samantha! I haven't in like six months."
"No problem but why is that?" She asks.
As soon as she says that some of the memories come flooding back, the constant yelling, name-calling, hitting, and other things. You fight back tears as you say "Ill tell you when im done ok."
After that you quickly head to the bathroom.
As soon as you enter you begin to fully undress out of your torn up jeans, t-shirt and boxers no socks tho you had to use those to stop yourself from bleeding more than one time.
Taking a long look at yourself you really start to notice how dirty you are and how thin you got after you left.
Before you get in the shower you notice she has a scale so you quickly weigh yourself to your suprise you weighed 103 lbs (46 kg) before you left you weighed 125 lbs (56 kg).
After weighing yourself you get in the shower and well shower unsurprisingly.
20 minutes later your out and feeling great.
After drying off you look in the mirror and think you look way less dirty and more presentable you then stick your head out the bathroom door and ask "Hey Samantha do you have any spare clothes that I could wear?" Because yours look and smell worse than Nigeria.
"Sure Anon give me a minute."
After some shuffling and open and closing of drawers she returns with some jeans and a T-shirt.
"Thanks." You say to her.
She replies with "No problem Anon."
You get dressed and soon head into the living room with her.
"So Anon can you tell me why you haven't showered in six months?"
As soon as that question left her muzzle you spill everything to her.
All the years of yelling.
Name calling.
Hitting.
Belittling.
That one attempt on your life.
And how on that day six months ago you finally snapped and left.
"... Yeah so thats why I haven't showered in six months." You say crying.
"Oh my god Anon im so sorry please come here." She says with her arms outstretched.
You practically throw yourself into her soft and loving embrace.
The both of you stand there for a few minutes you sobbing into her like a bitch and her petting your head and telling you things like "its going to be alright" and "you're safe now".
She eventually leads you into her room and you both lie down on the bed.
She holds you tightly against her with one arm around your back and the other pushing your lightly crying face into her extremely soft neck floof.
You quickly fall asleep in her arms.

The following morning after you both wake up she asks you something you dont think you'll ever forget "So Anon, after hearing all that yesterday do you want to live here with me?"
You graciously accept her offer because it sure beats your old life.


~fin~