You awaken feeling groggy. The party must have been really good.
As you stretch your arms and legs out and yawn, you notice the bed you're on is really soft.
But as you try to pull your limbs back, you get an unexpected resistance and they stay splayed outwards.
Snapping into full awareness, you realize you're tied to the bed with rope.
The unmistakable stench of blood reaches your nostrils as you try frantically to recall what the hell could have lead to this.

A rich baroness was having a party, that was a fact.
Normally, a minor noble like yourself wouldn't get invited to a knight's home, let alone that of a baroness.
Odd as it was, you were eager to go and mingle.
You seem to have overestimated the size of the party, though. The place you were told to gather is a ballroom, which is empty aside from a table with some meat pies and some chairs.
There's only five other men, minus any servants you catch glimpses of.
The room is uncomfortably vacant aside from the furnishings.
The others don't seem intent on talking, but you do catch a whisper of one of them asking if they knew who the baroness was. Come to think of it, the invitation never said what the party was for either.
Within a few minutes of arriving, your hostess makes her appearance.
She's a plump rat wearing an outfit that looks to be in less than ideal condition. A brooch and pair of necklaces adorn her neck.
To be honest, you wouldn't have attended if you knew she was a rat, so that was clever on her part.
A grins widely as she brings her hands together, "Oh, perfect! Everyone's here!" she squeals.

"'Why'd you invite us?' is what you're probably thinking, right?" she strides over to you. "Sit down with me and I'll tell you my tale."
Everyone complies. Your hostess's body seems to fit snuggly into the chair she's in. The cheeriness she displayed before dropped. "My name is Griotte and I am an unfortunate widow."
It's at this point you notice the ring on her foot that you overlooked. She continues, "Fate is an unkind mistress and my husband died last year. Wyld rest his soul."
"Sooo, we're suitors is what you're getting at." one of the guests says. Griotte simply smiles, "Well, yes, if you want to be blunt."
She goes on to explain that she would be interviewing each of you, starting with asking if they were even interested, and if they weren't, no further questions would be asked and they would be free to go after everything was concluded.
While you were waiting, she offered some of her freshly made meat pies. You had one and it actually tasted really damn good.

Your turn finally came around. "First things first, are you interested?" "Well, I'm not disinterested." You retort.
She laughed, "Ohoho, cheeky." The interview went on. It's mostly basic stuff, though there are a few questions that caught you off guard. Of course you didn't have The Rot or associated with anyone who did.
Before she asks the last question, Griotte pulls a tattered rose-patterned fan from her cleavage. It takes you a second to realize you're staring, but Griotte's already noticed. "Hmm hmm~" The rat hums, fanning herself and looking at you with half-lidded eyes.
The questions end and she finally lets you go. You decide to remain seated as the rat retrieves several glasses of wine and hands it to you and the others. "It's not a real party without some wine now, is it?"
You drink it. After that, you can't remember anything else.
And now you're caught up to where you ended up tied to this bed.

Struggle as you might, you can't escape your bonds. You hear movement from outside the room and you desperately hope that whoever's coming through the door won't kill you.
So of course it's Griotte wielding a blood-stained cleaver. "Hellooo~..."
She draws closer to you as you realize she's now wearing an apron with blood splatters on it.
"The others weren't nearly as cooperative as you. One of them didn't even accept my drink and I had to cleave his skull while he was fumbling with the door! Unlucky for him, I'd locked it."
She passes her cleaver off to her tail as she reaches the foot of the bed. "You, on the other hand, left such an impression on me, I just had to skip straight to the final test."
Griotte tugs on the top of her dress a couple of times, before freeing her large breasts from their confinement.

Your survival instincts are trying desperately to keep your dick limp. Unfortunately, Griotte tears your trousers open with her bare hands.
When she moves onto the bed, you feel the entire thing shift forward from her weight. She places one claw on the head and lightly bats it upward a few times before giving a couple of strokes.
Even with the looming fear of death, your dick betrays you and becomes erect. Making that grin from earlier and putting it into a new context, Griotte envelops your cock between her tits.
Her fur is actually surprisingly soft and clean. She starts moving her breasts up and down on your shaft.
It's really hard to think clearly when the woman that just killed the other guests starts giving you a titfuck.
It's even harder once she starts taking it into her mouth.
The combined pressure and skillful oral assault on your member make it impossible to concentrate.
It takes a few seconds for you to realize you're already cumming in her mouth.
Griotte greedily swallows all of it, making sure to show you, before cleaning the rest off your cock.

Still in a daze, you almost miss Griotte stripping out of her dress. All of her plump body is revealed to you. There's still a threat to your life as she still has that cleaver.
Climbing onto the bed, she moves all the way up beside your head. The rat puts a claw on your nose.
Wordlessly, she moves over your face and turns around, giving you an up-close look at her massive ass. Her puffy pucker is aligned with your mouth.
Griotte drops herself on your face and you feel her full weight push you hard against the mattress. "Now you best get to licking, or I'll have to start chopping." she says, her tail swinging the cleaver for emphasis.
Rimming her in lieu of speaking, you trace around the hole briefly before moving in.
In response, the rat pushes even harder down. You feel like she's really trying to kill you with this. If she is, then you might as well enjoy yourself.
You dig your tongue as far as it can go and move around. Griotte grunts in response, but doesn't let up.
Just as you're feeling lightheaded, she finally gets off you. Saliva coats her anus, making it shine.

"One... last thing... and this'll be over." she whispers in-between breaths. You hadn't realized, but you're erect again.
She moves her now slippery hole over your dick. With little resistance, it goes in.
Griotte brings her rear down upon you.
You'd be lying if you said this didn't feel good, but this is still rape.
A lot of weight pushes down on your pelvis as Griotte starts putting all of her weight into it. It actually hurts and she has no sign of letting up on you.
Pleasure and pain runs through your crotch. You are at her mercy while she shows none.
Just as it feels like something is about to break, you cum inside.

Completely spent, you watch as Griotte lets your dick out with a POP sound. She turns back to face you and falls to your side.
"That was fantastic! We'll make a great couple, don't you think so, hubby?" That wicked grin of hers never leaves her face.
Without letting you respond, she gets off the bed and puts her clothes back on, cum still leaking from her behind.
"Aren't you going to untie me?" You ask, hoping you haven't overstepped anything.
Instead, she turns to you, tossing her cleaver between her hands. "Oh no, no, no, I just said the test was over. I'll consider removing the ropes, hmmm, tomorrow. We'll have a lot more fun tonight."
She is about to exit, but says one more thing to you, "I just have to prepare my special meat pies. I'll even let you have the freshest one if you're good!"