OH SHIT BITCHES WE IN IT NOW

--
http://desu-usergeneratedcontent.xyz/trash/image/1467/35/1467351055396.jpg
The transition from bitter cold to sublime warmth as you step through the doorway from the snowy street into your home is a profound, almost religious sensation. The scents of home hit similarly hard, and each makes you smile wider: the hot, woody smell of the fireplace, in all honesty a rustic bother usually more trouble to ignite and maintain than it was worth, but knowing that your wife (because hell yeah you put a ring on that, nigga) took the effort to prepare such a layer of warmth and atmosphere for the evening warms you even more. A buttery richness fills your nose, and you know that she has also been baking. All the better for your plans, you know she gets peckish after you make love.

As you remove your coat and place it on the coat rack in your entrance hall, you quietly remove two items from the bag you carried with you into the house. Ostensibly, the carton of eggnog was the reason for your foray into the cold outdoors. What manner of Christmas was it without the fine drink. She had gently chided you for your “accidental” overconsumption of your supply, not knowing the true intent behind your leaving the house. On the return from the grocer’s, you had made a quick stop to collect the secretly ordered contents of the box that shared space with the carton. The fine lace lingerie was a seemingly spontaneous and far from cheap gift, procured not entirely out of the spirit of Christmas giving. Imagining her voluptuous form accented by the racy garments raised your spirits of an entirely different sort. With any luck, you would be getting very little sleep tonight

You round the corner into the living room, parcel held coyly behind your back, innocent call on your lips when you are once again struck with the providence of divine gifts. But if the warmth that greeted you was like the echo of an Angel’s voice, the sight that you beheld was more akin to the entire Heavenly Host trampling you.

She’s lounging by the fireside, flickering light and shadow of the flames framing her, *ahem* many curves, reflecting in the gold of her eyes to display an unnaturally sultry glitter. You’re following the deliberately swaying length of her tail up to her plump thighs and-very-generous rump, to the velvety softness of her belly and to her full, heavy breasts, and your cock is getting harder and harder, when you comprehend what else you’re seeing.  Satin bands festooned with bells strap around each thick thigh, a makeshift saddle straddles her waist and back, and a headband with accompanying antlers is tucked within her voluminous mane. It would have almost been comical if your dick hadn’t been about to achieve nuclear fusion.

You continue to stand slack jawed and staring for a while longer before she emits a long, throaty purr of amusement, affection, and arousal, and arches her back, raising her huge butt into the air and shaking, miming meeting the thrusts of a lover, with such force that the bells clatter their tinny song in time with her movements.

Box and carton fall from your hands, both breaking open unheeded on the ground as you stumble forward, mesmerized, haphazardly tearing off your clothing. You stand before her backside, clad only in heavily tented boxers. Her glistening pussy, tucked away between the mounds of her ass cheeks, demands your attention. You slip your fingers inside her, massaging her slick entrance, preparing to dive in face first and find the nub of her clit with your lips.

She growls in pleasure at your touch but quickly gives a needy whine, bumping her fat ass against your crotch, wordlessly commanding you to fuck her, now. The tigress’ hips dwarf your own, and thus you have no shortage of flesh to grope and grip and spank. Your cock, free at last, sinks into her, accompanied by a squelch and moans from each of you.

You may as well have been fucking the fireplace for how mesmerizingly hot this is. Your first thrust is merely met with a meaty thwack of your flesh meeting hers. The second, you are met half way by your wife slamming back her rear to meet your groin. The loud slap of flesh and jiggling booty is followed by a timid tinkle of a bell. You grin with lusty hunger and press down on her lower back, laying her prone, cushioned by her tits. 

She mewls with delight underneath you as you prop up your weight with your arms and proceed to pound her. The whole room echoes with your grunts as you slam your cock into her, making her beautiful, wonderful big fat butt bounce with each thrust. She chokes down most of her cries, but occasionally a tight scream of ecstasy makes itself heard over the sounds of heavy breathing, the rough impact of skin on furred flesh, and the frantic jingling of bells.

Occasionally she bucks her hips, possessed with bursts of such lusty vigor that she overpowers your weight on top of her, ramming her ass against your body with enough force to nearly knock the wind out of you.

The tightness of approaching climax burns in your loins, and you gasp and growl with increasing urgency. She notes these cues and whimpers in the throes of her own pleasure. 

“Make it a white Christmas, Anon!” she begs.

This is enough to push you over the edge. With a groaning cry, you pull yourself from your wife’s pussy, a moment before a gout of hot cum explodes from your wet cock, splattering her heaving rear and back, staining the velvet of the novelty saddle and getting lost in the white expanse of her hair. On and on you erupt, mouth agape and mumbling your love to her as she writhes beneath you.

When you are spent, you weakly collapse, then crawl up onto your wife’s upturned belly, kneading and suckling her tender nipples and kissing deeply her sweetened lips. You lay panting on top of one another for a few minutes, bathed in the crackling light. 

Then you notice, sandwiched between your forms, your cock is still stiff and throbbing. Almost feverish from your latest exertion, you hump gently against her soft and plump lower belly. She cracks open one closed eye and studies you with surprise, and then quickly, renewed and growing ardor. 

Cupping the soft hills of her breasts in your hands, your cock finds its way to the well-wetted lips of her pussy, and soon the house is again filled with the sounds of pleasure long into the night.