Chapter 1

	You exit the battlefield, tired and bloodied. You had cuts all along your body, some deep, some shallow. Your helm was battered and dented from the battle of champions. Only 2 others remained from the city of Argos. You just needed some rest! That was all you require. You walk past many beastmen, who cower in fear. It is rightfully so, as you were a Spartan. A warrior of such renown, that myths and legends have been created in your wake. Under your protection, Greece shall never fall.
"Yes, we require a sacrifice!" A shrill and disgusting voice
You feel you are being followed and whip yourself around, almost slicing the head off of a rat beastman. He tosses a liquid in your face and you begin to feel drowsy.
"What have you done to m-" You manage to let out before the liquid becomes too much for your tired body.
You faint, the world going black before your eyes.

	You feel yourself fall. You awaken and look around, seeing souls of the damned reaching towards you.
"What in Hades is this madness?" You shouted towards the ever-receding hole above you.
You hear cackling from above you as you fall deeper and deeper into the void.
"Good luck Spartan! You may need it!" They sneered.
You yell Greek curses at them as you fall deeper and deeper into the pit of doom and despair surrounding you. You flip yourself over and see a grassland coming fast.
"OH, MY GODS!" You scream before you can hit the ground.
You faint again.

	You awaken in the middle of a field. A loud roar coming from behind you. You turn around and see a metal machine accelerating towards you. You get into a battle stance, no metal machine shall get past you! It turns left and goes around you before stopping.
"Turn back around metal beast! For I shall smite thee!" You shout towards the roaring metal behemoth.
The side of it opens up to reveal a figure inside. It's a beastman!
"Beast! You must run while I take care of the menace!" You still shout towards the beast.
It cocks it's head at you and then laughs.
"Oh. You mean my tractor? Don't worry about it, just don't get in front of it." The beastman quips in a bit of a drawl.
What accent is this beast speaking in? It's so foreign, yet familiar. You don't quite understand what's happening. The beast walks towards you and sees your wounds.
"Oh my god are you okay!?" She shouts over the roar of the 'tractor'.
God? Surely they mean gods?
"I just need some rest so I may fight the remaining Argo's! Thyrea shall belong to Spart-AH!" You shout theatrically until the pain hits you.
You raise your spear in the air and drop it immediately, the pain in your arm is too much.
"Shit! Let me call an ambulance." She cries out.
"Do not worry beastman! I am AGH, fine!" You manage to stutter.
"Like hell you are, you're bleeding like a gutted pig!" She screeches at an uncomfortable volume.
You pick your spear up off the ground and sheath it. You try walking after the beast but fall instead.
"I must not falter! I am a SPARTAN for the gods' sake!" You shout again.
You get yourself back up only to fall again.
"I-I must n-not falter!" You weakly sputter.
You blackout again.

	You awaken in a white room, laying in probably the softest bed you've ever slept in. Did the beast take you to an inn? You look around and there are things you do not recognize. A strange machine that beeps with your heartbeat, a bag of red liquid that you assume is blood, a couch with the beast who brought you here in it, and a table with your things on it. You cough and the beast looks to you. The woman to your right speaks.
"Doc, he's awake." She speaks to nobody in particular.
The 'doc' comes into the room, dressed in a blue shirt and pants, speaking softly.
"Well now, I guess he is. Sir, we've looked all over the world for your records and have found nothing. So can you start by telling us your name and birthplace?" The new beastman asks.
You grin, clearing your throat.
"I am Anonicus, Spartan warrior, and the last champion of Sparta! Now quickly, I must get back to Thyrea, lest Sparta not get the land they rightfully deserve." You proudly exclaim.
The 'doc' looks at you and chuckles.
"Are you sure? I mean, the blood work suggests you're from Greece, but a Spartan Champion? That would mean you are over 2500 years old!" She yells in disbelief.
2500 years? What did those rat beastmen do to you!?
"Those rats! They must've opened a schism in the earth to the future." You say under your breath.
"Please, I must get back to my own time and win that fight! The entire future of Sparta may depend on it!" You shout in desperation.
She snickers at that.
"Don't worry, Greece is still alive and well. If in a bit of debt." She informs you.
You take what the 'doc' has said into consideration. You decide that she's telling the truth and breath a sigh of relief.
"Thank you, Miss. I am grateful to learn Sparta has yet to fall." You say, relieved.
She giggles at that, or is it a nervous laugh?
"Yeah, Sparta never fell. eheheh." She nervously laughs.
The 'doc' turns to whisper something to your savior a bit too loud.
"I think he might be insane." She whispers to the other beastman.
She fast walks out of the room and leaves you to your own devices. The beast who brought you in gets up from the couch and smiles at you. You look it up and down, finding out it's a she. When your gaze arrives back at her own, she's wearing a much more devious look.
"Like what ya see big guy~?" She quips in a sultry tone.
Your face heats up and you look away.
"I am sorry Miss, I was just, well, trying to get a better look at you!" You say, desperately trying to reclaim what dignity you had.
She snickers at that and sits back down.
"My name's Alexis, but you can call me Alex." She says more casually.
You nod to her.
"A very fine name. I believe I knew a royal son named Alex once. Not that I wish to imply you are a man! Though you are a beastman, so I guess it is partially true." You tell her.
"Well, instead of calling me a 'beastman' you can call me a fox, or by my name." She informs you, a bit annoyed.
"Well then, Alex, I am grateful you brought me to this inn. Now I am able to recover fully." You gratefully exclaim.
She smiles at that before replying, "You're welcome."

Chapter 2

	It's been almost 4 weeks since you first got to the thing they call a 'hospital' to be treated for your wounds. The person who now came to be known as a 'nurse', suggested you be taken to an asylum. Alex refused fervently, saying she didn't think you were insane.