>>15727747
>Anon is competing in a surfing competition when he wipes out
>As he attempts to get back on his board, he finds himself dragged through the water by his leg tether
>He finds himself in a seaside cave, with a curious shark girl
>His wetsuit is torn and he’s bleeding
>It’s time for Anon to convince her not to eat him, but what else could he satisfy other than her hunger?
>Anon has an idea…
 
“And that does it for Anon’s run, we’ll check with the judges once they’ve tallied their results!” the announcer declared from the beach. Anon had pulled off a few fierce moves on the wave, but his board got wobbly, he lost his footing, and both went cascading into the deep blue. As he peeked out from the water, he couldn’t make out anything to see aside from the back of the wave, so he swam to his board, and…
 
YANK! Before he knew it, he was forced back underwater when something tugged his leg tether. He panicked, struggling for air and direction, as he fruitlessly tried to undo the strap ‘round his leg. He panicked even more, struggling to chew the cable off and undo his wetsuit. He tried gasping for air, out of reflex more than despair, but was met with a mouthful of cold, briny fluid filling his lungs. He was running out of options and beginning to accept his fate. “Is this really how I’ll go?” he thought, “Murdered by something pulling me under the ocean, never to be found again? God, I hope mom and pop are alright. If this is it, then so-”
 
He was flopped onto dry land and began hacking his lungs out, voiding every little part of his lungs of water as he could. After a solid minute of coughing and labored breathing, he finally unstrapped his board from his now-bloodied-and-scratched leg, and took in his environment. He was in a tall, round cave of some sort, he knew that much, but he’d never seen a cave such as this. The floors and walls were adorned with bioluminescent algae and anemone right at the edge of the water, giving the place a surreal, green and golden glow. Aside from the underwater tunnel he assumed he was taken through, and a solitary shaft giving ventilation from the ceiling of the rocky tomb, there wasn’t a single way in or out of this place. Oddly enough, there was a collection of fancy shells and human trash alongside one of the farther walls - license plates, pieces of tire, waterlogged books, a hairbrush, some silverware, and countless other odd pseudo-knick-knacks that one would assume an alien would collect on an earthly visit. Beside this pile of junk, there was a low, circular slab of rock with some weird sponge-y stuff on it, probably for comfort and support, he thought.
 
Finally, his eyes rested on the one thing he feared he’d see - bones. Human bones, from god knows how many people, he mentally added. They were chalky and didn’t smell of rotting flesh, indicating they’ve been here quite a while. After taking all this in, the bones especially, he started to hatch a plan to get out of here. Swimming was out of the question, since not only was his leg still bloody and tender, but who knows how long the underwater cave is? He tried to think of a way to start a fire with the books, but there wasn’t anything dry or salvageable for starting a spark. Unfortunately, whoever or whatever brought Anon here made sure this would be the last place he saw, it seems.
 
to be continued...