Music for the scenes are include at the start of each, just to have something to listen to as you’re reading. Hope you enjoy.

Chapter 1: Nite Owl

https://youtu.be/kGfuEtiAJAI
 
I leaned on the back of my car watching people go up and down the street. It was a surprisingly cold day for the summer, holding at around 65 degrees. I took a quick glance at my watch, It’s almost 8. I thought Where could those idiots be?
Almost on que, a cream and red Edsel pulled into the parking lot, sounding its horn as it did. I gave a little wave which was returned with more honking. The car parked down a couple spots from mine and out stepped Will, a lanky maned wolf, dressed in a plaid button up and beige pants that only reached down to his mid-calf. His car was almost comically small for him, but he didn’t mind. 
“Hey man! How’ve you been?” He asked while walking over to where I was. Even though he was younger than me, Will stood probably a head and a half over me. 
“I’ve been good, what about yourself? You think you did good on the finals?” I questioned. His face contorted into some weird expression and he shrugged.
“I really have no clue, those kind of things always make me jittery.” He said while shaking his hands. “Did everyone know we were meeting at Tiny’s tonight?” he asked while cocking his head to the side.
“Yeah I called everyone before I left, I think Ron and Linda are gonna be late since Ron’s fixing Linda’s car.” I said. Will shook understandingly his head before glancing past me towards the diner.
“Well we might as well get something while we wait.” He said as he began walking towards the door. Pushing myself off the trunk of my car, I followed right behind him.

The waitress set the plastic tray down in front of me and then skated off to the kitchen. I began to chow down on the burger as Will looked around to see if his food was on the way. I’ve gotta admit, Tiny’s turkey burgers are amazing. Well, most turkey burgers are amazing, I know I prefer turkey over bug meat or plant burgers. But something about Tiny’s makes them better than the others. 
Finally, the waitress set down the tray in front of Will and he immediately started to rip into it. A loud roar came from outside, making Will and I both look out. Out the window, a sleek, black ’35 ford pulled into the parking lot. “Looks like Ron’s here.” I said looking back at Will, who had already devoured his whole burger and was moving to his second. “How the hell do you eat like that and still look like a skeleton?” I asked jokingly. 
Will started to laugh and just shrugged his shoulders, taking a huge bite. Ron strolled in the door not long after with Linda following behind. Ron was a stereotypical gear head, his hair was slicked back with grease and he wore a white tee and black jeans. Linda was a cheerleader at Leland and was exceptionally smart. She got accepted to some big school Out East and was leaving in August. 
“Hey there light pole.” Ron said, “See you’ve already got something to eat.”
Will said something but it was muffled by the food in his mouth. Ron just snorted and nodded. I craned my neck around to face them, “So did you guys get the car working?” I asked.
“No, Ron said it was something with the spark plugs.” Linda replied. 
Ron shook his head in agreement and added, “Yeah one of them is shot so I’m gonna run to Dane’s tomorrow and pick up another one for her.” Ron looked around the restaurant for a second and then continued, “Well we’re gonna get something, we’ll meet you guys outside when we finish.” 
Will and I nodded and Ron and Linda walked off, waving over their shoulders. Before I could say anything, a waitress rolled up with a glass full of ice cream. “Here you go sir.” She said placing it in front of Will, “Will that be all?” 
“For now.” Will responded, already digging into it. Once the waitress left I shot him a kind of confused and amused look. “What?” he responded.

https://youtu.be/G5LMkAttTps
 
The sun had started to go down and more people were gathering outside. All kinds of cars were here old and new. I had just finished ordering a refill when Ron leaned on the passenger door. “Hey Ron, what’s up.” 
