 Today was finally going to be the day
 The day you go all the way with your gf, Emma
 The red panda had been putting it off for a while now, too embarrassed to do anything more than making out
 But this morning you opened your phone to the sweetest words you've ever read
 "Hey Anon, do you think you could maybe come over later? I think I'm finally ready to do... stuff  with you, if you're okay with that?"
 Of course, you accept, which brings you to now.
 After an evening of hanging out and watching movies, Emma turns to you, blushing
 "Um A-Anon," she takes a breath, "do you want to, uh, head into my room, maybe?"
 Her bushy tail was twitching nervously and her ears remained firmly pressed back against her head.
 You nod, excitedly, and she lets out a sigh of relief.
 "Alright, um cool. Just wait out here for a minute so I can get ready, okay?"
 Emma gets up off the couch and moves into her room.
 A few minutes pass before she finally calls out to you
 "O-okay, I'm ready!"
 You eagerly stand up and walk over to Emma's room
 You open the door
 Emma is sitting on the bed, blushing furiously, her eyes tightly closed
 She's stripped down completely
 Her T shirt and jeans casually discarded on the floor next to the bed.
 She holds her long ringed tail in front of her, using it to cover her nethers
 Her perky breasts are on full display for you to ogle
 Barely opening one eye to gage your expression, Emma calls out, "W-well? What do you think?"
 After picking your jaw off the floor, you tell her how amazing she looks
 Her blush deepens and she averts her gaze to a spot on the floor
 "Um, thanks"
 Having finished taking in her body, you close the distance between the two of you, joining her on the bed
 You put a hand on her cheek and move in to kiss her.
 It seems to go on forever
 You feel her breathing become heavier, and her tail twitches against your chest
 She leans further into you, allowing you to feel her breasts pressing against your body
 Finally, you pull away from the kiss and adjust yourself so that you are face to face with Emma's breasts
 You nip one softly, causing Emma to take in a sharp breath of air
 Continuing, you work over the one breast and begin to massage the other with your hand, eliciting a soft moan from Emma
 You continue your assault, getting more and more aggressive with your foreplay
 You can feel Emma's heartbeat speed up as you work
 Suddenly, Emma shudders and you feel her whole body tense up
 She lets out a loud moan, embracing you, followed by a contented sigh
 "That... that was amazing" Emma pants
 But you aren't finished yet.
 You move lower, and sensually begin to pull Emma's tail away from her pussy
 "What are you doin- Ah!"
 You cut her off as you bury your tongue into her folds.
 You're caught off guard by just how tight it feels
 "F-fuck that feels good" Emma moans between labored breaths
 You run your tongue up and down her slit, occasionally lapping at her button
 Emma lays back, tightly gripping the sheets of the bed
 She bites her lower lip, trying to contain her arousal
 Her tail is swinging back and forth wildly behind her
 All the while you diligently continue eating her out.
 You feel her place a paw on the top of your head
 Her tiny claws lightly digging into you as she tries to push you further into her snatch
 Suddenly, Emma's moans begin to reach a crescendo
 Her legs clamp down on either side of your head as she reaches climax for the second time tonight
 You hear Emma's panting, the sound slightly muffled by her legs, as she tries to catch her breath
 You feel heat radiating around your head as Emma continues to hold onto it
 It's like you have a blanket wrapped around you
 However, as nice as the feeling is, you quickly find yourself running out of breath
 You try to pull away, however as small as the red panda is in comparison to you, she seems to have you in a tight pin
 You quickly begin tapping at Emma's legs, trying to alert her to your situation
 Snapping out of her afterglow, Emma quickly releases you
 "Ohmygosh, I'm so sorry Anon, I didn't mean to- I was just so caught up and I-"
 Her face is beat red as she continues to apologize
 You reassure her that you're totally fine and that she doesn't have to worry.
 "O-okay, if you're sure you're okay..."
 You ask her if she's ready to go to the next level
 She bites her lip and fidgets nervously
 She takes a deep breath, collecting herself, and looks back at you confidently
 "Yeah I'm ready, let's do this."
 Eagerly, you begin to strip down
 Pulling off your clothes, Emma begins looking you up and down, an excited expression on her face
 Finally, you pull your throbbing cock free from the confines of your shorts.
 Emma eyes it with excited curiosity
 Once again you close the distance between the two of you, pulling Emma close
 Your lips meet hers in another deep kiss as you ease her onto her back
 You feel the gentle swishing of Emma's tail against your legs as it dances between them.
 You begin to position your cock at Emma's entrance
 However, to your surprise she pulls away
 "W-wait, hold on a second!" she calls out, pushing you away slightly
 You ask her what's wrong
 "Well... I was just thinking if maybe I could take the lead this time?"
 You smile and give her a peck on the lips
 You roll off of Emma, allowing her to climb on top of you
 You can't help but marvel at how warm she feels on you
 She straddles your chest, and you can feel a slight dampness where her nethers touch your bare skin
 You both stay in this position for a while, with Emma just staring at your member, her tail swishing behind her, while you wait for her to make a move
 You ask if everything is alright
 Her attention snaps back to you
 "W-what? Yeah, of course. I'm just... um..." She trails off, shifting her gaze away from you
 You tell her that if she doesn't want to-
 "No, no, I want to do this. It's just, I don't want to, um, mess it up"
 She idley moves a hand to her crotch, a her cheeks reddening once again
 "That was the first time anyone has made me feel like that and I want to return the favor, but..."
 You feel her tail droop over your feet
 "I don't want to mess it up for you..."
 You reach a hand up and scratch behind one of Emma's ears, causing her to lean into your touch
 Her expression immediately shifts to one of contentment as her tail begins its happy swishing
 She lets out a happy chirp
 You tell her that she shouldn't worry about that kind of thing and that you know that she won't mess it up
 You tell her that no matter what she does, you know you'll both love it
 She puts a paw to your outstretched hand, holding it against her face
 Emma looks at you, smiling
 "Thanks Anon."
 She leans down into you, planting a kiss on your cheek
 Simultaneously, she shifts her body lower on yours
 You watch as she arches her back and lifts her tail, positioning her glistening nethers just above your cock
 Slowly she begins to lower herself down onto you
 Without fully allowing penetration, Emma rubs her slit up and down your member with slow, methodical movements
 She lets out a shaky breath as she continues working over you
 You feel the heat radiating off of her as she grips your body tightly
 Emma leans further into you, still maintaining her rhythm
 You let out a surprised yelp as she gently nips your shoulder
 You don't spend long focusing on the pain as right after Emma plunges down on top of you, burying your cock in her folds
 Emma sits up and lets out a drawn out moan as you penetrate her for the first time
 From the expression on her face you can clearly tell she is enjoying it
 After a moment, Emma picks up the pace
 Moving her hips up and down, over and over, trying to push your cock as far into her as she can
 Her insides feel like a vice on your cock, rubbing against every sweet spot you have
 Despite her inexperience, Emma more than makes up for it with her enthusiasm
 Her tongue lolls out slightly as she begins to pant, excitement visible on her face
 You watch her tits bounce more rapidly as she goes even faster
 The dull impact of bare flesh against fur is clearly audible in between Emma's cries
 You can feel yourself getting closer to finishing, and from the look on Emma's face she is as well
 "F-fuck... I... I can't- ah!"
 With one final thrust, Emma buries your cock into her as far as it will go
 You feel her walls clamp down around you, driving you over the edge as well
 You shoot ropes of cum into her, some of which spills back out onto her fur and your chest
 Emma collapses into you, holding you tightly as you both recover.
 You can see Emma's tail lazily wagging back and forth in the air behind her
 "That was... amazing..."
 She pushes her muzzle under your chin
 "Thank you"