https://static1.e926.net/data/9d/d8/9dd83ae56cb0dad75c8dc635febc9943.jpg
>You walk out the sliding glass door and over the brick patio inlaid into the ground, not bothering to turn on any of the outside lights first.
>A cool summer night wraps around you, the perfect end to a warm day in the sun with cicadas singing their low droning song highlighted by the calls of tree frogs. A dog’s bark drifts in from far away on the breeze.
>The gentle illumination from inside your home barely stretches out to the simple swing set the previous owners of the property left behind.
>On it a black silhouetted form sways absentmindedly, staring off into the distance past your yard. As you watch it brings a hand to it’s mouth and a red ember smulders before its hand, followed by a puff of smoke.
>You follow it’s focus to the horizon, where a tamed thin forest sits on the border to your yard, low and squat under the distant form of a church. You can barely make out the belltower in the darkness.
Is she giving up?
>The silhouette takes another drag before turning to you, the trail of smoke leaving her mouth as she turns, her golden eyes immediately shining in the dark with all the light they capture from your home.
>Your wife looks at you, her entire body black save for her golden eyes, earings, and the white spaghetti strap tank top she has tucked into her black shorts.
>Her raven black hair shimmers in the uneven light, falling around her dark grey fur that’s marked with a intricate pattern of black that you could draw from memory since you were a teenager. The tail that sways under her in the breeze is striped in both the colors of her fur.
>”No,” She says in a beautiful voice that’s followed you through your life, made slightly huskier by her smoking. “I’ll quit when the baby comes.”
She quit months ago in preparation, this wasn’t going to make it easier. Why start again?
“I was worried.”
About what?
>”What if we can’t have kids? What if there’s something wrong with us?”
Then she’d smoke herself into an early grave.
>She gives you a flat, unamused look. You repeatedly joked you only wanted to have kids so she’d have to stop smoking, but she knew the truth.
It’s only been a few months, it’s too early to give up hope. If it doesn’t happen, it won’t matter to you, she’ll have to do a lot more than that to get rid of you, and she knew it.
>She seems a little comforted by your answer, but doesn’t say anything.
What did she want to happen?
>The hand not holding the cigarette goes to her stomach, pressing gently. “I want our child.”
>You’d spent years getting ready for this, even before the two of you talked about it. You knew how badly she’d want this, and now that you had the money, the house, and the time the kids were supposed to start coming like crazy. Except they weren’t.
And if that doesn’t happen?
>She just sits there. You thought you wanted this badly when the two of you were younger, but she outpaced you by a mile with the babycrazies.
Would she want to adopt?
>Silence.
The two of you could adopt a few black felines like her, a few humans as ugly as you. You could lie to them so completely that they’d never even suspect the truth. Hell she could even eat a bunch of cake while they were young so she looked like she had been pregnant with them. You could fool yourselves if you were crazy enough.
>She turns back to the horizon, clearly thinking. This was wrong, she was the one who always cheered you up with her perpetual perkiness.
>You plod over behind your wife, resting a hand on her shoulder and brushing her hair back with the other. With long honed practice you massage her shoulders and neck until she’s sufficiently relaxed, then pluck the cigarette out of her hand.
>You carelessly throw it behind you and return to massaging, your wife pretending to not even have noticed.
>Both of you picked up smoking when you were teenagers, and never did it very much until adulthood got hectic. You quit years ago before you got married, she didn’t. You read somewhere it was harder for women to quit.
The day she stopped smoking in anticipation for the baby was one of the best days of your life. And not just because of all the unprotected sex.
>She doesn’t say anything, but her eyes are closed now in appreciation of your ministrations.
You’d do anything to get her to stop, for her own good, and the good of the children which you WERE going to have. You spent far, far too long avoiding this possibility to be denied it now. Otherwise you’d have to start a war on heaven in recompense for the cost of condoms and all the bareback cat puss you could’ve had over the years.
>You move your left hand up to her left ear and rub it gently just the way she likes, the low rumble you couldn’t hear over the cicadas now becoming audible.
>You kneel down so you can kiss and nibble at her neck, hands coming back down to focus on both of her shoulders.
>Gently you peel one of the straps off of her shoulders and pull it slowly across supple fur. Without question she bunches up her arm at her side and lets you slide the strap over it.
>Instead of immediately seeking your prize you repeat the process with the other side, and the tank top falls around her waist.
>Now your hands seek the familiar shape of her modest breasts, the pattern that dances across their tops firm in your mind as you knead them.
>With her breath coming harder you snake your hands down her body, under the fallen tank top and begin prying at the button to her shorts.
>When it comes loose the shorts are still surprisingly tight until you slowly slide the zipper down, actively trying to make your wife burn with anticipation.
>You spread the open jeans as wide as they go and finally slide your fingers under your wife’s simple white panties, rubbing down her fluffy vulva to her prize.
>She gasps as you rub a finger along her warm slit, ending with a firm press against her cliterous.
You would’ve invested in comfier patio furniture if you knew knew she was going to want to have sex outside so much.
>”Shush,” She breathes, widening her posture and guiding one of your hands back to her breast.
>You rub, squeeze, and kiss her body, taking in her noise and scent on the summer air.
>As her wetness increases you finally press a finger inside, biting her neck gently when you do.
>She shudders, arching her back and grabbing at the hand that covers her breast, urging you to continue.
>You drive the digit deep within your wife and start pumping it in and out, finding her wet enough add a second finger.
>She huffs out her appreciations until you grind your palm against her the top of her femininity, over stimulating her and causing her to grab at your hand to make you stop.
If she took off those pesky shorts you could give her a tongue bath.
>Carefully she removes your hands, stands, and unceremoniously drops her tank top, shorts, and underwear all at once.
>You take in the patterns on her back barely visible in darkness and round to her front, where she sits back on the swing with her legs spread wide.
>She’s holding on to the swing’s chain with one hand and leans back far enough to give you access to the dark folds of her pussy.
>You sit on the ground before her, wrap your arms around her thighs and pull her lower half in for a wet kiss.
>You part her with your tongue, digging deep and drinking her juices before running it up her slit, roughly contacting her nub.
>She moans her appreciations out to the world, unabashedly enjoying your touch.
>Encouraged you move your hands to spread her dark fleshed pussy apart and revealing her pink depths.
>One of her hands impatiently presses against the back of your head and pulls you towards her prize, where you happily return to licking. You nibble at her thighs, graze your teeth against her clit, and finally form the best seal you can around her vulva and suck while you lash with your tongue.
>Your wife cries out into the night with such intensity you’re momentarily worried you’ll be caught. That thought leaves your mind when she motions you to back away.
>She stands up still stark naked, walks past her clothing and leans against a support for the swingset while she spreads her legs and lifts her tail.
>Your dick’s free in a moment and you’re behind your wife, lining up your manhood with her hot thoroughly licked pussy.
>Your tip parts her dark lips, which eagerly spread as you push more of your length into her. When you hilt you feel the woman you’ve loved for years spread so completely and oh so perfectly for you.
>She hums throatily in appreciation of the fullness and moans as you begin to truly fuck her.
>You slam your hips against her shapely ass again and again, watching as your cock coated in both of your fluids disappears inside the black mass of fur and flesh that is your horny wife.
>On a particularly strong thrust her legs adjust their stance, and begin working back you almost on their own. She bounces against your thrusts, almost perfectly on time.
>Orbs of gold shine with light as she turns to look back at you as she helps breed herself on your manhood.
>Unconsciously her muzzle falls open, revealing sharp fangs as she revels in the pleasure of your union.
>You stare into her eyes and work yourself harder against her, reaching deep and feeling her completely with every thrust.
>As you near your peak your member throbs needily inside your wife, and from the noise she makes it’s the most enjoyable thing she’s felt all night. “Yes, please,” She says between moans, “cum inside of me.”
>You grab her gyrating hips and work against them with frantic need, your wife practically screaming as you sate yourself with her body.
>”Breeed meee,” She half hisses half cries, pressing her hips back against yours with all her might while you groan her name and cum deep inside.
>As pleasure smashes against your mind in waves you hear your wife moan throatily with every pulse of your seed. Between every throb she cries your name again and again, bright fangs and golden eyes glinting in the light as she eagerly watches herself be bred.
>Finally you’re resting against your wife, out of breath and completely satisfied.
>Part of you realises she’s completely naked and you’re half naked in a very exposed back yard, but it’s a distant concern.
>The comfort of staying joined with your wife as long as possible relaxes you, and you caress her fur while slowly softening.
>All she does is purr contentedly until finally you pull yourself out of her, cold air greeting the sensitive, spent skin.
>Her hand brushes your member as you pull out, and moves to press completely against her entrance. It was probably a pointless gesture, generally when you came inside of her as deep as you could not much spilled out. Though she was standing.
>She turns around and half leans against the frame of the swingset, her stance wide and a single hand innocent keeping her pussy hidden for not so innocent reasons.
>You step forward and pull her into a kiss, one hand enjoying her bare breasts while the other presses your hips together.
>Your cock pokes and rubs against the thick fur of her vulva, spreading juices and twitching at the sensations.
>Her free hand reaches down to toy with your completely satisfied maleness while the two of you affectionately kiss and nuzzle.
>You make a habit of trying to out cuddle her after sex, to resist the male temptation to fall straight asleep. So it’s her that eventually has to back her head away to talk.
>”You’re right,” She whispers.
>You kiss the side of her muzzle.
About what?
>”About having kids. We’ll adopt if we have to.”
>You hold her against you still with caressing hands and pecking lips. She’s almost a statue in the wake of her next question.
>”Do you think we’ll have to?”
>You think on that, remembering your teenage years together, which involved a lot of hormones running hot, condoms being filled, and periods definitely being hit. You loved your wife but sometimes she left claw marks when she got pissed.
It seemed impossible she wasn’t already. It should happen any day, so she better not smoke anymore.
>Her golden eyes drop a little, “I’m sorry. I just got so worried and nothing could get my mind off it.”
Well, nothing but one thing.
>She squeezes you in affirmation of your joke, sharp fangs exposed in a smile. She leans in for a short kiss before releasing you and urging you away gently with a hand against your stomach.
>She struts to her clothing, knowing that you’d be watching her ass, and bends down deep to pick it up with both hands.
>The standing did the trick because she was leaking a good amount of semen. The amount was nearly surprising as it began to run down her dark grey inner thighs, trailing over the pattern of her fur.
>”You’re certainly not lacking volume,” She teases as she turns and grabs one of your hands in hers, pulling you back to the house.
>She shamelessly walks through the brighter light of the backyard buck naked and leaking your cum, her clothes a pile in one hand.
>You grab a furry buttcheek as the two of you head into the house, and she lets out a throaty feline purr. Golden eyes dart back to you with a predator’s lusty appraisal and a woman’s love.
>It felt like everything would turn out alright, as long as she was by your side.