	The worst part was always waiting.  The weeks of waiting for the order to march, the days of travel, and the hours spent tied to this damn bench really tore at Gregory's patience.  He had been stripped of his armor and tied on his back to some kind of bench, limbs bound to its legs.  Only the thin clothing he wore under his armor separated him from the cold night air, the slight chill adding another layer of mild annoyance to his current predicament.  If they were going to kill him, he wished they would do it sooner, rather than later.  It was hard to tell time inside the hide tent he was imprisoned in, though it felt as though hours had passed since he first awoke.
	The battle had ended before it began, their march interrupted by a pack of raiding gnolls.  Why did it have to be gnolls?  Gregory's noble blood and considerable fortune rendered him practically invulnerable on the battlefield, more valuable to his enemy as ransom than another corpse.  Gnolls, however, cared little for such enterprise, too filled with bloodlust or just too stupid to recognize the coat of arms of the king's own cousin.  
	He had survived the battle itself by virtue of skill and the unmatched protection of his armor, though he expected to never make it off the battlefield.  Gnolls in this area rarely took slaves, preferring to eat the still-warm bodies of their foes, sometimes even as the battle still raged around them.  Yet here he was, entirely unharmed (save the incredible pain in his head) and ignored.  Surely there was a reason he had been spared where his fellows were not.  
	The question occupied his mind as he waited, alone with his thoughts.  Try as he might, he saw no reason that he and he alone still lived: he was not the greatest swordsman, nor  was he the strongest or toughest.  He would make a poor slave and probably would not taste all that great, either.  Perhaps he had been chosen at random as a sacrifice to whatever revolting god or demon they venerated.  Either way, he was unlikely to figure it out himself and the gnolls weren't exactly opening up to him.  He had been alone since he awoke and was doing his best to avoid attracting attention by making any unnecessary sounds.  For all he knew, the stupid beasts may have simply forgotten about him.  
	His wait was finally ended as a single gnoll entered the tent.  Greg knew little about gnolls, though he was convinced that this one was somewhat smaller and perhaps younger than most.  Even still, it towered over him, a veritable mountain of muscle and fur.  Thick limbs covered in near-white fur protruded from a patchwork of leather and iron armor.  For a time it simply stood and stared at him, seemingly as confused as he.  It approached slowly, never breaking eye contact, coming to a stop at the foot of his bench.  Its breathing was heavy and movements stiff and halting.  If he didn't know better, he may have thought it afraid.  He was tied down and disarmed, not to mention nearly naked.  What could it possibly be scared of?
	Clumsy hands undid buckles and straps, removing the gnoll's armor one piece at a time, revealing more and more of the light grey fur.  Greaves, spaulders, and vambraces lay in a scattered heap on the floor, leaving the gnoll in nothing but a worn coat of plates and iron tonlet.  It seemed to hesitate as it removed the coat, turning away from the captive warrior as it pulled off the armor.  The beast's back was as muscular as the rest of its body and no less furry, though something about the shape struck the man as odd, as though it was deformed or misshapen.  As the gnoll turned, realization struck him.
	An arm covered the beast's chest, though even its thick muscles could not hide what lay underneath.  From its chest rose sizable mounds barely hidden by the intervening limb.  It was a she.  What Greg had mistaken for deformity was the wide hips of a woman.  From the front it was even more noticeable, the indentations above her pelvis and graceful curves visible even through the thick muscles and fur.  A thin layer of fat covered her stomach, just barely disguising the powerful muscles beneath.  Her body seemed a contradiction of forms, as though sculpted by an artist who refused to believe that the bodies of a warrior and seductress need be different.  
	With her free hand, the she-gnoll dropped her tonlet, revealing the rest of her body at once.  Full hips led to thick, muscular thighs below.  A wide gap separated her thighs, further emphasizing her previously hidden gender.  A sudden tightness in his pants broke Greg's concentration and brought him back to reality.  He stared in disbelief as an enormous bulge formed, tenting the thick fabric that covered his groin.  He turned to see the gnoll's eyes drawn similarly, fixated on his still-growing member.  He laughed aloud and in earnest, struck by the absurdity of the situation.  It was not his wealth, his title, or his skill at arms that spared his life but something so vulgar, so base that he had never even considered it.  He was hung like a gryphon.  
	The she-gnoll bent at the waist, finally moving her arm and exposing her hanging breasts.  The ubiquitous grey fur thinned considerably near her exposed pink nipples, indistinguishable from a human woman's.  She leaned slowly over him, allowing her breasts to hang as she undid his belt, sliding down his pants and exposing his member.  Trepidation vied with excitement on her face as she watched him spring free, already hard from her inadvertently erotic display.  He was huge, even for his enormous captor, easily requiring two hands to fully cover.  She prodded him gently with a hand, tracing the his length with a fuzzy finger.  
	Her eyes never left his as she explored him, groping and fondling his rod and sack in equal measure.   His body was the envy of many men, though she seemed completely disinterested; his physique paled in comparison with any gnoll's, even her own. Instead, his member held her full attention as she stroked it slowly and watched him for any reaction.  Her touch was far too light to bring real pleasure, as though she was afraid of hurting him.  Instead she was barely teasing, her soft fur tickling the underside of his shaft as her hand pumped slowly up and down his shaft.  

“Tighter”

	She cocked her head as he spoke, a gesture of not understanding that transcended mere language and species.  He probably should have known better than to assume she spoke his language.  He grunted with frustration, only partially due to the language barrier.  It had been weeks since he had sufficient “alone time” and even her ineffectual, soft ministrations had been enough to work him up.  He thrust with all his might, straining against his bonds in the hope that she would understand his meaning.  
	The gnoll caught on quickly, working him much faster and slightly harder as her other hand joined the first.  She pumped up and down, twisting her hands slightly at the apex after she saw his reaction.  Her stare made him slightly uncomfortable as his climax approached, aware of the way his face twisted in pleasure at her touch.  His hips bucked against her hands as her pace and grip increased until he could stand it no longer.  He cried out softly as he came, hips driving up as rope after rope flew out of him.  The she-gnoll watched in amazement, eyes following the arc of seed as it flew into the air and landed with a splat on his stomach and chest.  Each shot was weaker than the last until nothing but a thin line trickled down his length and onto her furry hand.  
	She stopped and stared at her hand, touching and separating fingers to watch strings of semen stretch and break.  With a tentative lick, she tasted a bit of him from her hand before lapping up the rest with enthusiasm.  She licked her hand until it shined, wet and matted from her own saliva before looking down at the mess scattered across his body.  She leaned in close, dragging her tongue in a single, long stroke along his softening length and over his head.  He twitched by reflex as her rough tongue lapped against his head, much more sensitive after his recent orgasm.  
	She ignored his reaction, scraping her tongue across his head and over the top of his shaft as she lapped up every drop of his seed.  With reluctance, her tongue left his member to begin working up his groin, his semen replaced with her saliva as she licked him clean.  His muscles tightened reflexively at her touch, tickled by the roughness of her tongue and insistence of her licking.  It was equal parts adorable and sensual, the image of an excited dog licking her master inseparable from the sensation of a woman's mouth eagerly devouring his semen.  
	When she had finally finished cleaning him, she stood and lifted a leg, stepping over and straddling his prone body.  A thick string of lubricant hung from her sex as she settled down atop him, an undeniable sign of her arousal.  The full weight of her body lay on his hips, restraining his hips as effectively as the ropes that bound his limbs.  Despite the pressure, Greg could not bring himself to care, entirely too distracted by the feeling of her warm, wet sex pressing against his member.  He could feel her heat against his skin and knew that right now, species and rank took the back seats.  All that mattered lay between them, a hot and wet reminder that he was a man and she a woman.  
	Her slit rubbed against his length, gently encouraging his stiffening member with her outer folds.  She let out a sharp whine as she found her clitoris, rubbing it gently against his shaft.  Her movements were awkward and jerky, though from pleasure or nervousness Greg did not know.  The arch of her back and steady panting left no doubt that she was thoroughly enjoying herself, yet her behavior ever since he laid eyes on her was that of a demure maiden, not a savage gnoll.  
	He contemplated the she-gnoll's strange behavior as she rubbed against him, her inexpert touch doing for more for her than for him.  She seemed totally lost in the sensation, unaware even as he added his own movements to hers in an attempt to grant himself the pleasure she could not.  The underside of his crown met the firm nub of her erect clit, the brief encounter forcing a gasp of pleasure from both.  Every stroke along his shaft wetted it further as a pool of her juices grew on his groin, trickling down to spread across the bench.  He could feel the incredible heat coming off of her and even the gentle pulse of the blood flowing through her puffy and swollen sex.  The smell of her arousal filled the room, a warm and gentle musk combined with the altogether less-pleasant smell of wet dog.  
	A strange expression crossed her face as her motion stopped completely.  She seemed uncomfortable and frustrated, yet just as aroused as ever.  Without the distraction of her awkward frottage, Gregory could not help but marvel at the exotic sensuality of the she-beast straddling his groin.  Her fur was damp and matted, stings of her own lubrication mussing it up and dripping in clumps.  Her mouth hung ajar, a steady stream of hot breath panting irregularly as her tongue slipped out.  Her whole body heaved with each breath, jiggling her surprisingly firm breasts only slightly.  Despite her obviously canine features, he could see nothing but her smoldering femininity, her identity as woman at the height of arousal overshadowing such trivial complications as species.  
	With deliberate slowness, she lifted off of him, giving Gregory an enticing display of her fluids dripping from her sopping cunt and onto his groin.  She fumbled with his cock, standing it up to point at her folds and coming to rest immediately outside.  Seeing himself compared to her, it was obvious that she would have difficulty taking him fully.  His head easily filled the gap between her thighs and the full length of his shaft would almost certainly pass her navel if he were driven to the hilt.  Even still, she seemed intent on forcing him inside, her body lowering slowly as his tip kissed her inner lips.  
	Her lips stretch tightly around his head, spreading as little as possible as she struggled to accept his over-sized member.  She had barely reached halfway down his head when her breathing quickened and her face began to show the first signs of discomfort.  Still she pressed on, grunting and whining as he slowly slipped inside her.  Sweat began to drip from the matted fur on her face and chest as the entirety of his head disappeared inside her.  She stopped when she felt his widest point pass her lips, trying to vain to catch her breath and settle her jittering nerves.  It was obvious even to Gregory that she was on the edge, both from pleasure and from pain.  Her limbs shook as her breath was ragged as she just sat atop his member.  Her tight cunt contracted around him, unsure if it wanted to push out the intruder or fill itself to the brim.  The sensation was equally foreign and incredible for Gregory, who had met sparingly few women willing or able to take him inside.  Her hands gripped his arms tightly, squeezing as if to transfer some of her pain into him.  A moment later, her eyes closed as she drove onto him with incredible force, engulfing his entire length in one go.  
	She howled in both pleasure and pain as her outer lips met his groin, every inch of his cock firmly encased in her shivering, impossibly tight cunt.  Hundreds of delicate folds and ripples squeezed him with remarkable strength, rippling in a none-too-gentle massage up and down his member.  Her tightness robbed him of both breath and thought, the indescribable sensation of being engulfed in her burning sex demanding the whole of his attention.  Seconds passed as she shook atop him, her labored breathing reflected in the spasmodic contractions of her walls around him.  She began to move, almost imperceptibly, slowly relinquishing her grip on his cock as she lifted her hips.  Amidst the copious fluid leaking from her lips was a thin but entirely visible stream of red.  In an instant, her behavior was made clear.  She was a virgin.  Every inch she revealed showed even more blood until his entire member was stained with her maidenhood.  A full six inches had left her with another six still wrapped in her tightness before she reversed her movements, again taking the full length of his cock inside her an inch at a time.  Minutes passed as she slowly stroked him, growing ever more accustomed to the sensation of being filled and stretched to the limit.  Her incredibly arousal assisted every movement, his thick head spreading her easily as her strokes grew longer and faster.
	Her cunt squeezed so tightly he could barely feel any pleasure at first.  The pressure was stronger than he had ever felt, many times more uncomfortable than even the time he sported an erection while dressed in his jousting plate.  However, with every time she took his member to the hilt, her grip loosened slightly as she adapted to the enormous rod violating her unexplored depths and the pleasure began to break through the discomfort.  She was still smotheringly tight, but the discomfort of being forced through too tight an opening was replaced with the incredible pleasure of an elastic, scaldingly hot muscle that squeezed and stroked him as it stretched and twisted to its fullest extent.  He filled her completely, stretching her to her limit and pressing against every inch of her virgin pussy.  
	Each stroke was faster than the last until the wet sound of slapping flesh filled the room.  Her mouth hung open, drooling nearly as much as her cunt.  Her tongue lay slack as she panted like a bitch in heat.  She pulled herself closer and closer to him as they rutted until her breasts nearly slapped his face.  One particularly close swing caught his attention as her nipples passed tantalizingly close.  Seizing her opportunity, his mouth clamped roughly on the passing nipple, teeth sinking slightly into the hard and hot protrusion.  She yelped in response, a sound far more feral than what he had heard before.  Her conscious mind faded to the rear, reducing her to little more than a fusion of wolf and woman, a boiling pot of lust in the shape of a gnoll.  Her capacity for pleasure seemed limitless as she shook, her foot and tail twitching spasmodically as nerves fired erratically, pushed past the breaking point.  
	Greg, to his credit, held his own as she pounded him, meeting each of her thrusts with one of his own and doing his best to hold back his own orgasm.  Years of rejection made him a selfish lover, yet something about this woman's unabashed sensuality made him want to give as much as he took.  He wanted to see her writhe in the throes of ecstasy as he flooded her depths with his seed, a mutual orgasm to soothe the burning lust that filled them both.  Each thrust brought them closer to their shared desire.  His cock twitched as her breath caught and thighs squeezed around his waist.  
	With a final, hard stroke, she came.  Her back stiffened as her head flew back in pleasure, a breathless gasp escaping her open mouth.  She stopped moving, though her cunt did not.  She squeezed him with articulation he never thought possible, pulling and pushing him in and out without thought or effort.  The pressure that had been building at the base of his cock erupted as she sucked him inside.  Her body accepted him and his cum with eagerness, her walls still squeezing and tugging at him to draw out every last drop of his offering.  His hips pumped into hers, rocking her heavy body with his desperate desire to fill her even more.  They gasped and shuddered together, sharing an orgasm that overwhelmed them both as he flooded her with semen.  
	Pleasure alone held them both up and as it faded, so did their strength.  Her body lay limp against his, the irritation of his bindings lost in the afterglow.  Her warm fur comforted his sweat-covered body like the world's most comfortable pillow.  Her exhausted hands maladroitly untied the knots binding his limbs to the bench, freeing him at long last.  Surprisingly, he felt no desire to escape.  It was not exhaustion that rooted his leaden body but rather lack of interest.  If this is how it was going to be, he could certainly grow accustomed to his new life.  Eight of his brothers and cousins would need to die for him to take the throne and the chaotic life of a knight had lost its appeal.  No woman could satisfy him like this she-gnoll and he knew it.  In short, he had nothing else to live for.  
	Her arms wrapped about his body, lifting him gently even while she still panted with exertion.  An audible drip followed them as their lust dribbled from her raw slit.  She planted him in the pile of furs (some of which looked suspiciously like they had come from other gnolls) that served as her bed before joining him, wrapping him in her thick arms as sleep took them both.  


	Gregory awoke to the sound of conversation, or at least what he inferred was conversation.  The bestial grunts and yells that made up the gnoll language were pretty much indecipherable, but the tone was obvious.  It was an argument.  A much deeper yet still feminine voice barked as a much more youthful one stammered back, obviously on the ropes.  He opened his eyes to see the gnoll from last night, presumably his new “owner” locked in a heated argument with a much larger but equally naked she-gnoll.  Where his gnoll possessed a certain softness and warmth, the woman she now stood before showed nothing but aggression and dominance.  She was every bit as voluptuous and appealing as the younger gnoll, yet her bearing held nothing appealing or sensual.  She stood like a warrior, overshadowing and completely dominating the smaller gnoll with nothing but body language.  
	Seeing them this close together, it was obvious even to the untrained eye that they were related, perhaps mother and daughter.  Despite his recent arrival, Gregory felt a surge of defensiveness as the woman that claimed him was brutally assaulted by what looked like her mother.  He must have moved, since two sets of eyes were on him in an instant, one filled with concern and the other with hunger.  The older gnoll roughly grabbed the younger by the ear, pulling her towards him as he scrambled to stand.  A thick, padded foot planted itself on his chest, pushing him roughly into the small mountain of furs.  The younger yelped as she was half-pushed, half-thrown at his head, landing carefully to avoid hurting him.  A series of barks and growls communicated an order that she followed almost instantly, scrambling about above him to carry out the elder's demands.  
	A moment later, the younger gnoll sat upon his face, her outer lips brushing against his nose.  A timid wiggle of the hips made clear to him what their incomprehensible language could not and he responded.  His pelvis was sore and libido drained, but her gentle insistence made it clear that he had no other option.  His tongue slipped inside her, tasting the gnoll for the first time.  To his surprise, she was bone dry and felt quite tense.  It was readily apparent that she was coerced just as he was, an unwilling partner in whatever was about to happen.  He felt a surprising symapthy with the gnoll sitting on his face and resolved to do his best for her, both now and after.  Something about her engaged his protective instincts despite his blanket distrust of her species.  
	His puzzlement did little to interrupt his efforts, however.  He gripped her thighs, spreading them to grant better access to her lower lips.  If he had to do this, he was going to do it right.  He did his best to ignore her lack of arousal, licking and nibbling around her sex.  She jumped slightly, as though surprised by his efforts.  He stroked her furry thighs gently, hoping to reassure and relax her enough to let her body react normally.  Sure enough, a few minutes later he felt the first trickle of her her arousal leak onto his face as he kissed and sucked at her outer, less-sensitive lips.  Finally receiving the feedback he desired, his tongue worked inside, reaching at last to tease and caress her inner petals.  
	Distracted as he was, Gregory was taken by surprise as a furry paw wrapped around his semi-hard member.  This gnoll's hand was unlike what he felt last night, rough with calluses yet nimble with skill.  A thumb rubbed softly against his frenulum, drawing his hips up in an involuntary reaction.  A sharp blow to his stomach followed, not enough to take his breath but certainly enough to hurt.  The hand held his hips down briefly, the shallow puncture of canine nails speaking quite clearly what the elder gnoll meant.  
	A second later, the slow petting resumed, the elder gnoll's hand stroking him with obvious skill.  She figured him out quickly, reaching every one of his most sensitive spots with only one hand.  The second wrapped about the base of his shaft, squeezing hard with two fingers and fondling his balls with the other.  He fought himself to remain still under her ministrations, certain that her anger would escalate the more he defied her.  He sought distraction from her skillful hands in the depths of the other gnoll's sex, licking and drinking her arousal as it formed.  Her walls warmed as her arousal grew.  He couldn't see anything but could feel the sway in her hips as she shifted and moaned.  His hands worked up her thighs, appreciating the comfortable swell of her hips before moving on to feel her tight, muscled core.  He trailed slowly towards her breasts, stopping to tickle the undersides before grasping the swell.  His fingers sought her nipples, squeezing and prodding gently as he cupped and squeezed her generous mounds.  She stiffened above him, arching her back with pleasure and sitting on him with more force.  
	His tongue dug deeper, eager to explore more of the gnoll.  Feeling her now, he had no idea how he even fit inside her.  She squeezed his tongue tightly, wresting with its every movement.  Despite the urgency of the situation, he was quite enjoying playing with the gnoll, exploring her most sensitive areas while being smothered in the scent of her arousal.  He continued to play with her nipples, tweaking and rolling them with various degrees of force as he licked her.  When he licked her gently, he would tug and pry at her tender nubs, yet when his tongue drove inside her or he sucked on her bud, his fingers would gently circle their targets or lightly flick the tip.  The alternating stimuli made it impossible for her to resist him, her body growing heavier and hotter by the second.  Her lust lacked the edge it had last night, so he was content to draw out her pleasure, bringing her slowly to ecstasy.  
	Unfortunately, he could only distract himself for so long and was quickly reminded of the other gnoll when her hands sped up, twisting and squeezing in all the right places to excite him further.  He tensed as he felt his orgasm approach, testicles retracting in preparation for ejaculation.  Just as he approached the edge of his climax, her hand stopped.  Instead of the gentle but insistent stroking her hands moved to stop what they had started, squeezing painfully around his base and pulling down roughly on his balls.  He nearly screamed in surprise and protest, though he smothered the urge so as not to upset the gnoll he was pleasuring.  Fruitless spasms tore through his loins, cock jumping in phantom pleasure as his orgasm ended before it began.  It took all of his might to keep from thrusting into the elder gnoll's hands, knowing full well what would happen if he angered her.  His frustration at being denied became fuel to pleasure his gnoll lover, his attentions now focused on sucking on her exposed clit.  The effect was immediate, the woman instantly bucking and writhing in unexpected pleasure.  She came a second later, her whole body weight forcing more and more of him into her, rubbing his nose in the waterfall of fluids leaking out from her snatch.  His face was soaked in her lust, though it was of little concern to him compared to the satisfaction of bringing her to such a powerful orgasm yet again.  
	The younger gnoll quickly fell backwards, exposing Greg's cum-soaked face to the air.  The sudden influx of fresh air helped him forget his aggravation for a moment, at least until he saw the guilty party standing before him.  She was holding a small, smooth length of lacquered wood, likely some form of tool handle stolen from a human victim.  It glistened with wetness, clearly soaked thoroughly in her own juices.  The look on her face instantly wiped away any satisfaction that he had, replacing it instantly with a a sense of unknowing dread.  She looked, true to form, like a snarling hyena, a sadistic smile marring what could have been an attractive body.  She snarled something towards her daughter, a command that was promptly ignored by the insensate woman.  Her reverie ended was a powerful blow shook him, a closed-fist punch straight to the gut.  She was holding him as collateral, hurting him to force her daughter's compliance.  The very though would have made him sick if her body blow had not already done so.  He recovered quickly, the result of a life of training for war, yet the anger and pain persisted.  His teeth gritted in response, much to the delight of the elder gnoll.  The younger, meanwhile, was forced to compliance, strong hands gripping him about the shoulders and forcing him to the ground.  The look on her face told him all he needed to know, robbing him of any defiance.  If he resisted, they would both suffer.  His hand reached up, patting her gently on the forearm.
	The she-devil seemed to be the only one enjoying herself, a shrill cackle fitting for a hyena pierced the silence of the room as she openly mocked the scene before her.  Her smile twisted further still, not a shred of mirth showing in her brazen display of cruelty.  Still grinning like a woman possessed, she crept slowly over his prone body, coming face-to-face with him and locking eyes.  Moments later, a blunt pressure built against his taint, sliding slowly down on a trail of her fluids.  She watched in amusement as realization spread across his face and was replaced with a look of discomfort and pain as the pressure moved to the tight ring of his hole.  Slowly, the handle pushed inside him, stretching him uncomfortably around its girth.  He did his best to relax, knowing it would ease its passage, yet unable to quiet his anger.  A finger traced lightly up and down his cum vein, tickling with fur and claw as she teased him to hardness.  
	Inch after inch of the ribbed handle pushed inside him.  The pain was bearable, but the humiliation was too much.  He struggled against the gnolls in vain, much to the delight of his tormentor.  To his surprise, she did not strike him, only drove the toy in a tiny bit faster until he felt the fur of her hand tickling his skin.  In a fraction of the time of insertion, she drew the handle almost all the way out, every rib and knot in the handle making itself known as she ripped it out.  Something had changed this time, though.  He felt a surprising pleasure as the toy prodded his insides, massaging the interior wall of his ass.  Much to his chagrin, his captor sensed this and responded with glee, pushing the toy back in careful to watch his reactions and isolate the spot she was looking for.
	The ex-knight did his best to maintain a straight face, but failed quickly as her probing became more skilled.  She angled the toy, twisting and pulling, distending his insides as she sought her prize.  Every time she touched the spot, his facade crumbled a little more until he could hold it no longer, a slow stream of pre oozing unbidden from his cock.  He had no idea what she was doing or why it felt good, but he knew exactly what she was going to do now.  Locked on to the pleasure spot he never knew existed, she sped up her hands, dragging the whole of the toy along the nub of pleasure after ramming it with the tip on every thrust.  
	The slow stream of clear liquid soon grew to a flood, his entire cock now shimmering wet with his own fluids.  Every slow thrust drew another spasm and caused the pressure to grow.  Unlike before, the pressure started well behind his cock, emanating from the spot inside of him.  He was growing desperate, the pleasure much more intense than his humiliation, yet not enough to bring him to orgasm.  She was dragging this out, meaning to take as long as she could to bring him to climax.  The shaft dug into his prostate again and again, the pressure never relenting but never stimulating him enough.  He began to pant and writhe, twisting his hips to put more pressure on the spot and finally relieve himself.  She seemed to anticipate this, however, and was skillfully avoiding the nub every time he would try to find it himself.  
	The pool of precum spread across his hips, running slowly down to the ground and joining the gnoll's fluids in easing the passage of the toy.  He was out of his mind with pleasure, eyes distant and unfocused as he fought and failed to maintain his composure in the face of her incredible skill.  Gradually, her thrusts became faster and faster, the pulsing leaks from his cock turning into a steady drip as she milked him from the inside.  The fluid slowly turned white as the pressure inside built to new levels.  The pleasure was unbearable.  He wanted to cum, yet he didn't want it to end, he just wanted more.  In all likelihood, he probably said as much, unable to control his higher functions as every nerve in his body was set alight.  The pleasure mounted and mounted until he knew he was going to cum, but the familiar explosive release never came.  Instead, a gentle wave of ecstasy rocked his entire body in a drawn-out yet incredibly intense orgasm.  A slow trickle of white poured from his tip, completely unlike his usual energetic shots.  His cock jumped and twitched as the leak quickened, an enormous volume of his seed leaking uselessly out and running down his already-soaked shaft.  The orgasm persisted as the toy rocked gently back and forth on the spot, coaxing more and more out of him.  The pressure became almost painful as she emptied him with surprising care until nothing was left but dry heaves.  With a wet plop, the toy came out, still glistening with the gnoll's sex fluids.

	The elder gnoll wasted no time, leaving the hut before Gregory regained awareness.  The first thing he noticed when he came to was the gentle embrace of the she-gnoll, his head cradled in her lap as she watched him with concern.  Something had sparked between them that day and that spark lit a fire that would never die.  For the first time in his life, he knew what he wanted – no, needed to do.  But first, he needed to learn to communicate.  It's hard to plan an escape without talking.  Her look of surprise told him all he needed to know.  He was smiling.