It is the year 1014; The Roman-Bulgarian Wars are coming to their close. The Catholics are about to change their way of mass for the first time in decades.
>Basil the Second crushes the Bulgarians at Thessalonica and later Kleidon earning the title “Bulgar Slayer”
>Cnut/Knut (the Great) is elected and crowned King of England by the vikings of the Danelaw.
>The Nicene-Constantinopolitan Symbol of the Faith is used for the first time during the Roman Mass thanks to the effort of Henry II, the newly crowned Holy Roman Emperor

It is 1015; The Wars in Europe continue to rage, but other than that the world returns to status quo.
>Cnut the Great invades Mercia and Northumbria
>Saint Olaf becomes the king of Norway
>Vladimir the Great of Novgorod dies
>Henry II campaign into Poland is stopped by Boleslaw I at the Oder river.

It is 1016; A chain of events is about to begin that allows the Normans to rule Sicily. 
>Cnut does more Conquering of England
>Khazars are crushed by a Byzantine-Rus force.
>Melus of Bari hires Norman Mercenaries to crush the muslims
>Lulua Mosque is finished in Egypt
>Rebellion begins in the middle east

It is 1017; Southern Europe is a mess, Northern Europe is a mess, the Middle East is (still) a mess, Asia is unaffected, Pope rocking it.
>Cnut finishes conquering England and divides into 4.
>Sicily and the Byzantines go to war.
>Rebellion continues across the Middle East
>Chola (India) conquers Sri Lanka.
>Ancona Cathedral is finished
>Saint Sophia’s Cathedral is finished.

It is 1018; Wars end, Wars begin, women weep in Asia and in Europe.
>Scots defeat the Vikings.
>German-Polish War ends with the HRE ceding both Lusatia and Upper Lusatia to Poland
>Cnut assumes the throne of Denmark
>Poland defeats the Pechenegs.
>the Liao-Goryeo War begins
>Saint Mary’s Church in Hadlow is finished.

It is 1019; It is a quiet year, wars end and so do prospects.
>Yaroslav the Wise assumes the throne of Kiev
>The Liao-Goryeo ends with a Goryeo victory
>The Jurchen fail to invade Japan
>The Kingdom of Nekor is destroyed forever

It is 1020; It is a quiet year, unless you’re italian, but other than that it’s quiet worldwide.
>Henry II joins the campaigns to rid Italy of the muslims, but is non-commital.
>Troia falls to the Romans thanks to the use of Norman mercenaries.
>Cnut codifies english law
>Hildesheim Cathedral is finished.

It is 1021; Muslim Italy now suffers the brunt of the Germans while peoples older than civilization itself vanish forever from where own kingdoms once stood.
>Henry II commits to Italy and reaches Verona before spending Christmas in Ravenna
>Corduba begins to fracture as Ad-Analus declares independence.
>The King of Vaspurakan surrenders his kingdom peacefully to the Byzantines and becomes governor of Cappadocia.
>Chola expands past the North Bank of the Ganges and storms Bengal
>The last evidence non-arab culture in Tripolitania is mentioned.

It is 1022 war racks the planet, there is no hope, only war.
>Basil II leads the Byzantine Empire to decisive victory at the Battle of Svindax ending the first Byzantine-Georgian War
>Henry II and Archbishop Pilgrim capture Capua and Salero before plague forces them to recall, regroup, and reinforce in Lombardy.
>The Song Dynasty has one million enlisted soldiers being the first nation to ever raise seven digit troop counts.
>Robert the Pious burns thirteen heretics at Orleans, this is the first burning of heretics in all christendom.
>The Hojo-ji is finished in Kyoto
>Saint Michael's Church is finished in Hildesheim

Byzantine Status; Exists

Setting idea; German enlistee from two threads back is dead. 


It is 1023; It is a mostly quiet year for christendom, less so for the breaking crescent
>Abbasid Dynasty is founded from the crumbling Calif of Corduba
>Taifa of Seville is Founded
>The Ghaznavid Empire occupies Transoxania
>The Dom church in Utrecht is severely damaged by fire, Bishop Adalbold II builds a new Romanesque one

Byzantine Status: Exists

Setting Idea; The Sub rebellion begins after the burning of the Dom church, leading to the battle of powerbottom, where you are coaxed into an ambush of a dutch animals who you proceed to fuck, but did you dom them? Or did they dom you?

It is 1024; Times change, but war still rages on
>Basil II prepares an expedition to Scily, the governor secures reinforcements but a storm makes them arrive all too late.
>The fleet of the Theme of Cibyrrhaeot defeat a force of 800 Kievan Vikings
>Henry II (the Saint) Dies with no heirs ending the Ottonian Dynasty
>Conrad II becomes the New Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany
>Roger of Tonsey ends his personal crusade against the Moors after the battle of Ebro Valley.
>The first paper money is printed in Song china.
>Ghaznavids sack the Hindu religious center of Somnath claiming 20 million dinars.
>The pope dies.
>The Golden Gate of Kyiv is finished

>Byzantine status; At War

>Story Idea; You are a Danish merchant from Zealand, you have seen Albion, Norge, Svena, and the east, you have fended off pagans, christians, and saracens alike, but now, you have sailed down the Volga, and before the grand city of Kiev you see the most fantastic structure you have ever seen, and the most fantastic bare bear bosom


It is 1025; The Byzantine Phoenix has risen for the last time, and a group that could’ve ruled the world rises.
>Basil II dies peacefully before his invasion of Sicily with no direct heir Constantine VIII, his brother, assumes the throne calling off the invasion and redirecting the forces to the Siege of Capua.
>Boleslaw the Brave becomes the first King of Poland, founding poland as an entity, but dies on the seventeenth of June, his son, Mieszko II Lambert assumes the throne that september
>Robert II the Pious, the King of France, is betrayed by his sons, Hugh Magnus, Henry, and Robert who lead a revolt against their father for power.
>Hugh Magnus dies.
>The Zirid Dynasty fails to take Sicily
>Srivijaya, in Sumatra is attacked by Chola over trade rights, it Survives but is weakened forever.
>The La Trinità della Cava is finished

>Byzantine status; Mourning

>Setting idea; A german merchant ventures to the new kingdom of poland looking to sell lead, but instead finds love.


It is 1026; The New Holy Roman Emperor sets his sights on Italy, while unrest in China arises.
>Conrad II the Elder assembles thousands of knights and marches on italy, he first besieges Pavia and is crowned King of Lombardy with the Iron Crown
>Taking a small force of his men Conrad leaves the siege to his generals while he marches on Ravenna, the militias try to repel him but Conrad rallies his men and take the city, exacting a bloody revenge on the Ravennites.
>Conrad marches on Pesaro but a Malaria outbreak forces him back to the Po valley before subduing the March of Turin where a political opponent ruled.
>Conrad captures Pavia in the autumn and before Conrad can massacre the population Odilo of Cluny convinces him otherwise.
>Cnut’s North Sea Empire crushes both Swedish and Norwiegan fleets at the Battle of Helgeå\
>9 year old Henry “the Black” is crowned duke of Bavaria, by his father Conrad II.
>The Zubu revolt against Liao China, but fail.
>The Hoysala Empire is founded in India
>The Taifa of Malaga is founded in Spain.
>The Sun Temple of Modhera is completed in India
>Vahramashen Church is completed in Armenia

>Byzantine Status; Exists.

>Setting idea; Big elephant mason decides to take her payment in another way.


It is 1027; Italy calms, and crowns are given and emperors meet.
>Conrad II is crowned Holy Roman Emperor and his wife Gisela of Swabia, Empress in Saint Peter’s Basilica. Cnut the Great’s attendance proves his rule of the North in the eyes of both Conrad II and Rome.
>Robert II sues for peace among his remaining sons, establishing Henry I as the heir apparent.
>Richard III Duke of Normandy dies, leaving Robert the Magnificent as ruler of Normandy
>Duke Sergius IV of Naples gives the county of Aversa to a group of Norman Mercenaries led by Rainulf Drengot for his support during the war with Capua.
>King Sigtrygg Silkbeard of Dublin makes pilgrimage to Rome
>Year 0 of the Tibetan Calendar
>The Book of Healing is Published
>The South-Pointing chariot is reinvented in Song China.
>Ryongtongsa is finished in Korea
>The Prince-Bishoprics of Trent and Brixen are founded.

>Byzantine Status; Exists

>Story Idea; Italian sparrow fauns over Cnut’s Guards, winds up competing for big northern men once the Irish arrive leading to more hijinks between her, her rival, and the northern men


It is the year 1028; It is a quiet year in the east, but a rather violent one in the North and West
>Emperor Constantine VIII dies, leaving the empire to his Daughter Zoe, and her husband, Romanos III. 
>Cnut defeats a Norwiegan Usurper and continues consolidating his power.
>Conrad II crowns his son, Henry III (the Black) as king of Germany.
>King Sancho Garces III the Great, king of Aragon, conquers Castile.
>William the Conqueror is Born.
>Episcopal Palace is completed in Italy
>San Trovaso is finished in Spain
>Church of Panagia Chalkeon is finished in the Byzantine Empire
>Naumburg Cathedral is finished in Germany
>Nidarholm Abby is finished in Norway

>Byzantine Status; Back to grieving

>Setting idea; I’m in a rush will come back later with one, so, post your own early medieval ideas.


It is 1029; Politics, politics, politics, papal, and italian.
>Prince Pandulf IV of Capua becomes the de facto ruler of southern Italy, holding both Capua and Naples himself and backed up by powerful allies. Only the duchy of Gaeta resists his rule.
>Rainulf Drengot, leader of a band of Norman mercenaries, is approached by John V of Gaeta and is convinced to change sides and helps liberate Naples from Capuan occupation.
>Duke Bretislav of Bohemia reconquers Moravia from Poland.
>The seat of the bishop of Zeitiz is moved to Naumburg in Saxony-Anhalt.
>The Great Mosque of Sale is completed.
>The Kingdom of Heungyo is founded in Indochina.
>The Ottonian dynasty ends.
>Alp Arslan, future Seljuk Sultan is born.
>Clement III, future Antipope, is born.

>Byzantine Status; About to get worse.

>Setting idea; You’re just a farmer, a simple free man, not bound to the dirt, no serf, but you choose to be a farmer, despite owning the ovens at the bakery the local lord pays you for everyone to use, you tend to the land. Every evening when you go to bake your bread you hear the local gossip, but today is different. Rather than the usual wives and mothers who come, its seven young maidens, and their mothers are peering through the window, watching you. What is going on, oh father in Heaven give me answers.



It is 1030; To harkon in the new decade wars begin anew…
>Romanos III takes Aleppo against his generals advice, gets encircled at Azaz and retreats to Antioch, which turns into a panic, fortunately his generals rectify the situation and Aleppo agrees to become a Byzantine vassal and tribute
>The Byzantines repel the Fatimids
>The Emperor who well and truly damned the Byzantine Empire is born (Romanos IV)
>Conrad II launches an attack on Hungary, which is initially successful until the Hungarians start using scorched earth tactics forcing Conrad II to retreat back to Germany but King Stephen pursues him and defeats Conrad II at Vienna
>The Battle Stiklestad, Saint Olaf tries to retake Norway from the Swedes but dies in the battle. He is later canonized as Patron Saint of Norway is crowned Eternal King.
>Yaroslav I builds a fort called Tartu, which is the second largest city in Estonia today, after defeating the Chuds.
>The first mention of Thalwil as something more than an Alemmanic farmstead
>Henry I revolts against his father again, defeating him forcing Robert to retreat to Beaugency.
>Mahmud of Ghazni dies giving the throne to his son Mas’ud
>Ouyang Xi obtains his Jinshi degree and begins his successful, and famous, career
>Ballenstedt is founded
>Church of San Sepolcro is finished in Milan
>Waltham Abbey Church is finished in England



It is 1031; Crowns Change Hands and Countries Continue on.
>Robert II the Pious dies at Melun making his son Henry I the sole ruler of all France, his mother, Queen Constance of Arles would rather his brother, Robert, become King and plots a conspiracy with Count Odo II and begins a war against Henry.
>The Caliphate of Cordoba collapses into numerous Taifa.
>King Mieszko of Poland is deposed by King Yaroslav of Kiev establishing Mieszko’s half brother Bezpyrm as King.
>France suffers famine
>Edessa is captured by the Byzantines stabilizing the frontier.
>The New Minster Liber Vitae is published and transcribed

>Byzantine status; Calm before the Storm

>Setting idea; Russian bear noble needs to secure her place in court, has your father, a pro-Russian duke agree to marry you to her daughter. She doesn’t want to marry, but through a series of events and loads of playful mischief warms up to the idea.


It is 1032; Pieces begin to fall into place
>Romanos III sends 20,000 men to reinforce Calabria in Italy
>King Rudoph III dies with no heirs leaving his kingdom, and the holy lance, to Conrad II in his will
>Odo II, duke of Champagne, invades Burgundy and seizes most of it causing a retreat into Germany.
>Conrad II invades Champagne and devastates the land forcing Odo to sue for peace, however the Bishops prevent Conrad from retaking Burgundy and slaughtering the Champagne Soldiers.
>First mention of Kursk is made
>Khara-Khoto is founded on the steppe near mongolia
>The Kingdom of Arles is Founded
>Bila Tserkva and Bohuslav, are founded in modern day Ukraine along the Ros River
>The Duchy of Burgundy is founded
>The Prince-Bishopric of Basel is founded in Northwest Germany
>Sazava Monastery is founded in Bohemia 
>The Pope dies

>Byzantine Status; Fortifying the wrong border

>Setting idea; Again none, but tell me your favorite medieval country and what waifurs live there, tomorrow we’ll have a poll on which is best to live in


It is 1033; A quiet year of consolidation and little else
>Conrad II is crowned King of Burgundy at the Payerne Abby, upon which he declares the Kingdom of Arles part of the Holy Roman Empire, and incorporates it as such
>The Treaty of Merseburg is signed between King Mieszko II of Poland and Conrad II, in exchange for Conrad II’s support Poland is divided in three, all of which is ruled by Mieszko II as “Supreme Ruler.”
>A mass religious panic sweeps over Europe due to the Armageddon Prophecies because of practically bad springtime weather
>The Duchy of Bar is established
>The Taifa of Mertola is founded.

>Byzantine Status; Exists

>Setting idea; As fear of the end of the world grips you, you decide to live with no regrets and ask the Norse Merchants Daughter for her hand in marriage. Against all odds she accepts and get her father’s blessing who agrees to take you as his apprentice. By the time you are wed the world is very clearly not ending, but it has changed forever, well, at least for you, and your world.

First off, sorry I missed this year, but I got to it, its not like I’m spoiling anything, you’ve had a thousand years
It is 1034; Fallen Crowns
>Romanos III is drowned by order of his wife, Zoe, and Michael I takes the “throne”
>Conrad II leads a campaign down the Rhone river into Burgundy, while two Bishops attack over the alps into Burgundy
>King Meiszko II dies, and King Casmir I the Restorer takes the throne
>King Sancho III conquers Leon
>The Pagon Reaction occurs in Poland driving Casmir I into exile in Germany
>King Malcom II the Destroyer of Scotland dies peacefully leaving the throne to his grandson
>Al-Andalus benefits from the weakening of central Isamic authority
>Pisa and Genoa occupy Annaba in the Magreb
> Ganj-e-Shaheedan Mosque
>Abbeys are finished in Bec, Pontlevoy, and Preaux 

>Byzantine Status; Old Habits die hard

>Setting Idea; You are an italian soldier in North Africa, and you find the women of the sand to be more alluring than is healthy


It is 1035; The people who would change the course of history, christendom, and the whole world are rising, while those who set the stage begin to die.
>Cnut the great dies, and with it the North Sea Empire.
>William the Conqueror becomes Duke of Normandy at age 8, leaving the regency to corrupt nobles.
>Conrad II gives the city of Koper town rights and a degree of autonomy in the HRE
>Conrad II allows the first ever Friemarkt festival in Bremen to be held, greatly increasing trade with Norway and the Northern Dutch
>Sancho III of Navarre dies, leaving his holdings to his four sons,Garcia Sanches III, Gonzao I, Ferdinand I, and Ramiro I.
>Pisa attacks Saracen pirate ports along the Lipari islands at their homes.
>Pope Urban the Second is Born.
>Dharma Pala, ruler of the Pala dynasty is born.
>Suzhou High School is finished in China.
>Tantkyitaung is finished in Burma
>The Kingdoms of Aragon and Valencia are Founded 
>The March of Styria is created
>The Bishop of Orkney is established in Scotland

>Byzantine Status; If only it could see

>Setting Idea; You attend the massive Friemarkt fest in Bremen merchants, booze, goods, and women from all over europe come to attend, and in your drunken stupor you meet her. An Amazonian woman with black and white skin, standing head and shoulder above you.


1036; Eclipses and Succession.
>A total eclipse would occur in April over polynesia
>The Guiyi Circuit is disestablished
>Gurjara-Pratihara dynasty is destroyed in India
>The Palaiya Jumma Palli mosque is rebuilt in India
>Edward the Confessors’ brother is blinded and murdered in an apparent attempt to overthrow Harold I Harefoot.
>Duke Sergius IV of Naples abdicates and retires to a monastery and is succeeded by his son John V.
>Zirid launches an assault on Norman Sciliy and captures Palmero but fails to secure the rest of the Isle.
>The crown of the Fatimid Caliphate is passed to a seven year old. Naturally a regency is established
>The Tangu Script is created in Xia, a chinese minor state.
>The Japanese crown changes hands
>The Flower Sermon is first referenced in buddhist literature
>Pope Benedict IX is briefly forced from Rome but Conrad II reinstates him

>Byzantine Status; Look I’m not gonna do a foreboding thing just know Manzikert isn’t too far off.

>Setting idea; A Norman knight gets captured by desert horse waifurs. Gets WINKED.manuscript


It is 1037; A Nation that would rule a continent and a half is founded.
>The Kingdom of Castile, Seljuk Empire, and Mieclaw’s State are all founded
>Aribert, a North Italian bishop, rebels against Conrad II. Conrad II’s son and heir apparent, Henry III, quells the revolt.
>Constitutio de feudis is decree by Conrad II.
>Ferdinand the Great kills his half-brother at the battle of Tamaron and becomes ruler of both Castile and Leon.
>A diet is called in Pavia and Conrad II gains the support required to besiege Milan and arrest Aribert.
>Milan is besieged and Aribert’s bishop status is revoked by the Pope himself.
>The Byzantines land on Sicily and defeat the Zirids beginning a campaign to reconquer the island.
>Harold Harefoot seizes the throne of England from his half-brother Harthacnut. Harthacnut’s mother, Emma of Normandy, flees to Belgium.
>A total solar eclipse occurs over the south eastern Pacific, between Antarctica and Chile

>Byzantine Status; At War.

Story Idea; You and a Austral Parakeet waifeather make passionate “end of the world” love under the black sun 


1038; Happenings all along the Temperate Zone
>Grüningen, Kehl, Wimmelberg, and Versailles are first mentioned
>The Western Xia Dynasty begins after declaring independence from Liao
>A dynastic change occurs in the Taifa of Zaragoza
>Bretislav of Bohemia invades Poland and destroys Ponzan and Gniezio
>A Battle occurs between Andulucia and a combine Granadan-Almerian army
>John II of Amalfi blinds his brother and exiles him and his own mother but later decides his mother can return as co-ruler
>After a controversy involving potentially seized monk land the Duke of Capua is overthrown by Conrad II due to his son escaping prison on his own terms.
>Conrad II gives the fief of Capua to Guaimar of Salerno
>The crown of Hungary is changed for the first time
>Dingnan Jiedushi is Annexed into China
>An Earthquake in Shaanxi kills 23,000 people
>The Byzantines reconquer Sicily
>Henry III the Black is given Swabia by his father Conrad II 
>Vallombrosa Abbey is completed.

>Byzantine Status: Swell

>Story idea; You are surrounded, bloodied, beaten, and exhausted, all around you are double tailed lionesses clad in mail and their sergeants clad in gambeson. You soon realize you are the last Pole in all of Ponzan, surrounded by corpses and ruins you fight with all the energy you can muster. It is far from enough, you fall to your knees around you are the bleeding remains of the sergeants you can’t even scream as the lionesses drag you off as a prize for the pride


It is 1039; As a decade ends so does a great man
>Conrad II dies, leaving his fief, titles, and through election, the status of Holy Roman Emperor to his son; Henry III the Black (or Pious in Germany)
>Casmir the Restorer returns to power in Poland ending the Pagan Reaction and restoring order to the war ravaged country after the Bohemians withdraw.
>The Ghaznavids btfo the Turks so bad they are repelled from Khorassan and lose Herat and Nishapur to said Ghaznavids. The former of the two cities is where the Ghaznavid Emperor decides to have his Eid Al-Adha later that year
>The Tiwanaku civilization in modern day Peru and Columbia are likely fully gone by this point vanishing in total by 1050 and likely collapsing in 1000-1010
>Mount Vesuvius in Naples erupts
>The Abbey of Bec is founded.
  
>Byzantine Status; Alright

>Setting idea; After a surprising easy defeat of the Seljuks you find yourself surrounded by a harem of scantily and lace clad roachfus a gift from your emperor. The thing is you already know all of them and vice versa. You’re the one who captured them. 


1040; A Shakepearan Character made manifest.
>Macbeth, king of Scotland, kills his first cousin Duncan I on the battlefield for the throne after his Father’s death.
>Harold Harefoot dies at Oxford and Harthacnut sails to England to reclaim his throne.
>Duke Bretislav of Bohemia defeats Henry the Black in the forests.
>The Byzantine Governor of Italy is killed by a revolt of native italians. The rebellion was put down later that same year by Michael Dokeianos who claimed the title.
>The Ghaznavids are defeated by the Turks at the Battle of Dandanaquan, being forced from Khorassan for the rest of the Seljuk Empire’s short but powerful existence.
>Peter Delyan leads a rebellion against the Byzantines in and is proclaimed Tsar of the Bulgars in Belgrade.
>Shalu Monastery is founded in Tibet
> Weihenstephan Abbey, the world’s oldest still operating brewery is built in Germany. Meaning that Germans have been drinking beer from the same place since the age of the Vikings.
>The Almaorid Dynasty is founded in Iberia and Morocco.
>The March of Carniola is made within the HRE
>The Order of the Jar is founded in France.

>Byzantine Status; Stretched at the seams.

>Setting idea; Macbeth but less magic more waifurs, vikings, and battle.


It is 1041; Bad Year to be Byzantine
>The Byzantine Emperor dies and Zoe establishes her lover as Emperor
>The Byzantines are defeated at Olivento, Montemaggiore, and Montepeloso by William I Iron Arm, a famous and ruthless Norman Adventurer who captures the Governor of Italy, Boioannes.
>The Byzantines end the Bulgar revolt based in Belgrade (modern Serbia) with the Harald Haldrada led Varangian Guard
>Edward the Confessor returns to England as the heir to Harthacnut
>The Zirids reject the Shia Fatimids and embrace the Sunni Abbasids as their overlords.
>The Chinese are the first nation to field 1.25 million men.
>The Ghaznavid Sultan dies. Guess the name
>Nothing built last to this day nor do any political entities or famous buildings get destroyed.

>Byzantine Status; Glad they aren’t England in exactly 25 years

>Setting Idea; A Norman Adventurer gets aboard the wrong boat, instead of of going home to Catalonia you wind un going to Catania, a Muslim city ruled by Normans. Misadventures ensue as he tries to fit in making friends with a “I’m totally a fair and virtuous ‘maiden’” Greek goat, a very shy Egyptian peacock, and a horse who seems just a bit too familiar to be a stranger.


It is 1042; The Byzantine Empire almost collapses, again.
>Michael V banishes his mother Zoe for attempting to poison him but a popular revolt occurs
>Zoe and her sister Theodora are crowned empress and co-empress in the Hagia Sophia
>The Governor of Italy is replaced, again, and is given to famed general George Maniakes who is tasked with reclaiming the region from Lombard rebels.
>Zoe marries Constantine IX who is crowned Emperor
>George Maniakes revolts against Constantine IX with Harald Haldrada’s aid
>The Bulgars secure independence in Dukjia
>The Byzantine-Arab Wars begin with the Byzantine retaking Edessa from muslim hands.
>George Maniakes revolt fails and Harald Haldrada returns to Norway, likely a result of banishment.
>Harthacnut dies after collapsing at a party, Edward the Confessor becomes King of England and Magnus the Good takes the throne of Denmark despite Sweyn II’s claim.
>Casmir the Restorer claims his title after reuniting Poland after the Pagan Reaction and driving off the Bohemians
>Finnish-Novogrodian War reignites
>Almoravids conquer Morocco
>Nothing built then still stands, nor was anything of note destroyed

>Byzantine Status; akin to the cute drunk girl at the bar who has more issues than you can count

>Setting Idea; You and your greek waifur join Harald Haldrada on his way back to Norway as the Church refused to marry you. 

It is 1043; Busy for thee. Bloody for me.
>Constantine IX sends an expedition to the Balkans to quell George Maniakes’ rebellion. Near Thessaloniki the rebels and loyalists meet, the rebels are better in every aspect and are initially successful during the battle until a stray arrow kills George Maniakes and his army routs. Had this rebellion been successful the weakness caused by Zoe may have prevented the disaster at Manzikert.
>Southern Italy is thoroughly conquered by the Normans and Italians who after a meeting at Melfi appoint Guaimar IV to be duke over the region, while William Iron Arm gets his own private fief of Ascoli.
>Yaroslav and Casmir make an agreement that makes Chrevyen part of Kiev and is sealed by Casmir marrying Maria Dobroniega, granddaughter to Vladimir the Great and Iziaslav to Gertude, Casmir’s sister.
>Henry the Black’s remarries after the death of his mother to Anges of Poitou, daughter of William IV of Aquitaine.
>Edward the Confessor is crowned King of England only to discover his mother is plotting to have him killed to establish Magnus the Good as king of both England and Denmark. He strips her of her fiefs but allows her to remain in England.
>The Seljuks repel the Oghuz Turks from Khorrassan, conquer Qazvin, becoming the new masters of the Ziyarid Dynasty.
>The first king of the Kingdom of Nri, Eze Nri Ìfikuánim, is installed in West Africa
>Ouyang Xiu and Fan Zhongyan put forth the Qingli Reforms in the Song Dynasty

>Byzantine Status; How does one say on fire while afflicted with hypothermia?

>Setting idea(s)
>You are the fleeing Anon from last thread and have been informed that what survived of your family has been exiled from Constantinople.
>You are Turk, father arranges marriage with a non-roach. WTF
>You are Spanish Merchant, you are somehow in Africa, and man are those cat women fast.

It is 1044; Battles are won, and a new age of warfare is unknowingly discovered in the land who would feel its wrath last.
>The Battle of Menfo is fought between Henry the Black and Samuel Aba, the latter of whom is captured and killed in the Hungarian retreat. The former King, Peter Olseolo the Venetian retakes the throne as a vassal of the Holy Roman Empire.
>Geoffrey II the Hammer captures the city of Tours and control in the county of Touraine.
>The Chinese military treatise of the Wujing Zongyao is written and compiled by scholars Zeng Gongliang , Ding Du , and Yang Weide in Song China. 
This book is important let me describe some of it’s contents;
The Wujing Zongyao is the first book to detail how to make gunpowder as well as many bombs, a twin-piston flamethrower. Not only that but it also names and shows detailed graphs of two kinds of compass, as well as chinese military tactics and theoreticals as well as their most popular and efficient weapons, notably the crossbow and its effectiveness against nomadic cavalry.
>King Anawrahta seizes the throne of the Pagan Empire (modern Burma)
>Pope Benedict IX is thrown out of Rome again.
>Novhorod-Siverskyi is founded in modern Ukraine.

>Byzantine Status; Eh?

>Setting idea; You are a spice merchant, you hail from Kyiv, but you are now in the land of jade and dragons. You bring with you a famous saga “Where Foxes Sit” and you and a scribe dragon kick it off over your love of reading. You become a local merchant, and she begins to teach you the local chinese dialect. And from here you learn of black powder…’



It is 1045; A quiet year unless you’re a cardinal
>The papacy changes four times between the unpopular Benedict IX, Slyvester III, Benedict again, and settling the year on Gregory VI
>Bi Sheng invents the mobile printing press in China
>The Lingxiao Pongada is built in Song China.
>The Qingli reforms are halted in China by conservative ministers, they would be influential on the later Wang Anshi would would apply different but very similar reforms.
>The Byzantines annex Armenia without a fight.
>The Ettara Yogam system is established in India
>Edward the Confessor marries.

>Byzantine Status; Bredy Bood

>Setting idea; You’re a Papal citizen, and from governmental unrest and Normans in the south you and your eagle wife begin to experiment with, less than approved, methods of carnal pleasure.



It is 1046; Politics and Adventures await
>The Papacy is still a total mess with Gregory VI being accused of simony and Pope Clement II ascending to the role of Pope.
>The Vata (or Vathra) Pagan revolt begins in Hungary, resulting in two bishops being stoned to death in modern Budapest and the overthrow of Peter Orseolo driving Hungary into Anarchy like Poland a few years prior
>The Bishop of Worcester leads an unsuccessful punitive raid against the Welsh.
>Bao Zheng informs the Emperor Ren Zong of China through a memorial to the throne that the Chinese Iron industry will go bankrupt and collapse.
>Ren Zong, through a series of reforms, do doubt inspired by Bao Zheng, begin to increase Iron production and products. Why this is Historians have no fucking clue.
>The Emperor of Korea dies and succession is carried out as normal.
>Nasir Khusraw begins his seven year 19,000 kilometer journey documented in the book, Safarnāmé, the potential basis of the English word Safari.
>Hildesheim Cathedral is mostly burnt down by a fire.
>Lyre and Oelenberg Abbeys are completed.
>Savane Church is completed

>Byzantine Status; Exists.

>Setting Idea; You wander the Muslim world with your boy Nasir, from the Lapis coasts of Western Morocco to the lush jungles of India, from as far south as Yemen and as far North as Alexandria the Farthest. Along the way you find your four wives, a Camel who was part of nomad family, a Jackal from the shadows of the Great Pyramids, a Persian Leopard, and a Roach from the steppes where the Turks ride.



Tis 1047; The Byzantines are still hurting
>Constantine’s nephew, Leo Tomikios,proclaims himself Emperor at Adrianople, he then besieges Constantinople. He is defeated by an army led by Constantine personally and is publicly blinded.
>Constantine allows the pechenegs to settle in his Empire, buying their loyalty with presents. He allows them to raid the Magyars and Bulgars.
>Henry the Black strips Guaimar IV of his titles in Italy becoming the “Lord and Master of Italy”
>William the Conqueror secures his title as duke of Normandy at the battle of Val-es-Dunes with support from Henry I, king of Francia.
>Harald Halrdada becomes the sole king of Norway upon the death of Magnus the Good. The crown of Denmark falls to Sweyn II.
>Pope Clement II dies suddenly, and Pope Benedict IX rises to the Papacy.
>The Sulayhid Dynasty is founded in Yemen.
>Saint Aubin’s Cathedral is finished
>The Cathedral of Saint Michael and Saint Gudula is finished.

>Byzantine Status; bad

>Setting idea; Pecheneg horse woman thinks you’re cute. Get four wives without a proposal by getting WINKED.manuscript.



It is 1048; The Turks today is the first day that the Turks seek to become Rome, to be all that it was and more.
>The Battle of Kapetron occurs with the joint Georgo-Byzantine Force led by Katakalon Kekaumenos and supported by Georgian Liparit IV confront the invading Turks. Ibrahim Inal leads the Turks. The Byzantines win but the Turks break the center and capture Liparit before retreating leaving the flanks to the Byzantines.
>Constantine IX sends presents and offers ransom in exchange for Liparit. The Turks let him go out of respect but demand that he never fights the Turks again.
>Henry the Black assigns his cousin Bishop Bruno of Toul as the successor of Damasus II at the Assembly at Worms.
>Harald Haldrada founds Oslo and has his son, Haraldsson.
>The Viking Age debatably ends with a failed raid of England that Edward the Confessor repels and the raiders flee to flanders of whom Edward declares war on blockading the nation with a fleet based in Sandwich, Kent.
>Under orders of Henry the Black, Boniface Canossa invades Rome and deposes Pope Benedict IX after Damasus II’s death.

>Byzantine Status; Mixed Feelings

>You are a the Greek couple who fled with Harald becoming one of the first families to call Oslo home celebrating the construction of your home with the birth of your firstborn, Anonsson.


It is 1049; Ending the decade with perpetual war.
>The Pecheneg revolt occurs in the Byzantine Empire after 15,000 warriors go AWOL near the Bosphorus. Supported by their followers they raise the flag of revolt in Thrace.
>Prince-Bishop of Theodwin of Liege defeats Dirk IV of West Frisa bringing the Rhine Delta back into Holy Roman control.
>Irish Vikings led by the King of Gwent raid along the river Severn
>The Banu Hilal, a confederation of Arab tribes, is supported by the Fatimid Caliph to punish their former Vassal, Zirid.
>The Iron Pagoda is completed in China.
>Pope Leo IX Succeeds Pole Damasus II.
>The Kloster Allerheiligen is finished in Schaffhausen

>Byzantine Status; Bad

>Setting idea; You are taken as a concubine to the big tiddy dromedary who captured you for being a bad little Shia.


It’s 1050; Harald is on it.
>Harald Haldrada sacks Hedeby, a then important Viking supply post and village, during a war with Sweyn II of Denmark.
>King Anund of Sweden dies and the throne is passed to Emund the Old as King of Sweden.
>Aoudaghost, a (then) important Berber trading post, is captured by the Ghana Empire.
>Edward the Confessor dips his hands in the church by uniting the dioceses of Devon and Cornwall and moves the See to Exeter and begins the construction of a cathedral.
>The brewery of Weltenburg abbey is first mentioned, it is one of the oldest still active breweries on earth.
>Seven future Kings are born.
>Grestain Abbey is completed in Normandy.
>The Amruteshwara Temple section of the Annigeri is completed in Karnataka, modern India
>The Kandariya Mahadeva Temple is completed in Madhya Pradesh, modern India.

>Byzantine Status; Exists.

>Setting Idea; Big elephant priestess understands you learn best by doing rather than seeing and decides you need to learn the Kama Sutra.




It is 1051; Things being that will result in more than a century of war
>William the Conqueror consolidates his power in Normandy and fights a small war over control of the Maine, in which he besieges Alencon and Domfront in western France.
>Henry I, King of France, marries Anne of Kiev, while William the Conqueror marries Matilda of Flanders, daughter of Count Baldwin IV, causing Henry I to see William as a threat to the throne and France itself.
>William the Conqueror has his first son, Robert II, future king of England and Normandy.
>Pope Leo IX is sent to “reaffirm the independence of the Catholic Church” with Drogo of Huateville, count of Apulia and Calabria, is forced to promise to stop the Normans from raiding Lombardy
>Drogo of Huatville is assassinated likely by the express order of Constantine IX for his actions against the Byzantine Empire by ruling southern Italy.
>Eustace II, count of Boulogne visits England and is received with honors by Edward the Confessor, little is known about what happens between the English Nobles, Edward, and Eustace II but it results in several deaths, Edward blaming the people of Wessex for it, the Godwin family for refusing to punish them, and then the Godwins being exiled after losing a battle against the crown.
>Edward then invites William the Conqueror to England and wills him the throne of England in the event of his death.
>Heregeld is abolished by Edward, it was a tax levied to defend against the now nonexistent Viking threat.
>Hilairon/Ilairon becomes the first non-Greek metropolitan bishop of the Eastern Orthodox Church.

>Byzantine Status; Sneaky as a beaky

>Setting Idea; A Norman prince and English princess party so hard that seven people die, and a series of events begin that would later culminate in a century long war, religious turbulence, the creation of a Superpower so far beyond their own it’s unimaginable, global conflicts that kill millions, and a bunch of bellydancing tigers getting conquered by a company. Also they have a nice night together and run off to Norway cause why not.

It is 1052; Things get established in the near east, middle east, far east, and Europe.
>The Godwin family sails a sizable fleet up the River Thames to confront Edward the Confessor who is forced to reinstate them to their previous positions.
>The Battle of Jabal Haydaran is fought, with the Zirids being defeated by the Arabic tribes of Banu Hilal.
>The Byodo-in, a buddhist temple in Kyoto is forced to change its name by the prominent Japanese Noble; Fujiwara no Yorimichi
>The Cathedral of Saint Sophia is completed in Novgorod.
>The Stongdey Monastery is completed in Northern India
>The town of Spalding Priory is founded in England (If you’re from near there what’s it like?
>The Santa Maria la Real of Najera is completed in Najera, La Rioja, Northern Spain, then Navarre 

>Byzantine Status; Left out of the fun

>Setting idea; A japanese priest keeps getting pranked by an attractive young woman, after throwing a pale of water on her she is discovered to be a Kitsune. Hilarity ensues.


1053; A very well recorded year all things considered
>The pecheneg revolt ends but it's a pyrrhic victory as the raids don’t stop and Constantine IX is forced to buy loyalty through presents, gold, and titles.
>The Battle of Civitate is fought where three thousand norman horsemen lead by Humphery of Hauteville rout the combined Papal force then follow up and destroy an allied army. Pope Leo IX is captured and held hostage in Benevento
>Cuno, duke of Bavaria, is summoned to Christmas Court in Merseburg where he is deposed by Henry the Black and flees to the court of Andrew I of Hungary. Once in Hungary Cuno joins a coalition with Welf III, the rebellious duke of Carinthia.
>Harold Godwin succeeds his father as head of house Godwin and as earl of Wessex. He then invites Edward the Exile, son of Edmund II, to conspire to claim the throne of England.
>Jōchō sculpts Amida Buddha for the Byōdō-in Temple
>Loritello is founded, a Scilio-Norman County in Italy proper
>Saint Olave’s church is completed in Exeter, Devon, England.

>Byzantine Status; 2008 the treasury.

>Setting Idea; A duke gets caught up in a conspiracy, when in the dungeon he gets PORKED.manuscript COOKIED.scroll and finally PURRED.tapistry


It is 1054; A year filled with fire.
>The Turks conquer parts of Armenia, pillaging and looting to feed their allies tastes.
>William the Conqueror defeats the off guard French forces at the Battle of Mortemer, Duke Guy is captured as a result and Henry I is forced to abandon Normandy.  
>Siward, earl of Northumbria, invades Scotland in order to support King Malcom III over Macbeth and helps defeat Macbeth at the battle of Dunsinane
>The Almoravids retake Aoudaghost from the Ghanans, disrupting the trans-african slave-gold-salt trade enough for the Almoravids to dominate it.
>Ly Nhat Ton renames his nation to Dai Viet, the name Vietnam is derived from.
>SN 1054 occurs, a supernova illuminates the night sky so bright that it was thought to be an endless day for twenty three days straight over the entire northern hemisphere. The remnants of this supernova form the Crab Nebula today.
>Leo IX tries to reconcile the Catholic and Orthodox churches to hold back the heretics to the east, however he dies before anything can be done and his diplomat drives the divide between the two churches deeper. Inadvertently costing the Byzantines Manzikert and causing the crusades some fourty years later.
>Nothing built this year stands today, being little more than the rust of what was nails, dirt of what was once wood, and dust and gravel from stones.

>Byzantine Status; Fucked over.

>Setting idea; Sorry, I kinda got rejected earlier today and I’m kinda bummed. so make your own


It is 1055; That means I’ve done this 52 times. Wow.
>Constantine IX dies after twelve and a half years as Emperor of the Byzantine Empire, his wife, Theodora, Zoe’s sister, succeeds him as Byzantine Empress despite her advisors' protests.
>Ferdinand the Great begins his campaign against the Al-Andalus starting with the Christian allies of the taifas. Shoot a traitor before an enemy I guess. He then pushes the Muslims beyond the Portugese border and repopulates the region with his own subjects.
>Aelfgar, earl of Mercia, is outlawed by the Witan. In revenge he raises an army and seeks revenge against England and allies himself with the Welsh. He defeats Ralph the Timid and proceeds to attack Hereford and raid the church, talking all things valuable before setting it ablaze. They also attack Leominster
>Edward the Confessor gives Tostig Godwinson the important position of Earl of Northumbria after the death of Siward.
>The Seljuk Turks take Baghdad and leada Romanesc triumph through the city. The Emir of Baghdad is taken prisoner.
>King Andrew the Catholic of Hungary establishes the Tihany Abbey, it is here that the first written account of the Hungarian Language is found.
>Pope Victor II succeeds Leo IX as pope with no issue.
>The Liaodi Pagoda, the largest in Chinese history, is built in Hebei.
>The County of Lecce is created in Italy and Saint Mary’s Abbey is built in England 

>Byzantine Status; Palace Intrigue

>Confession; I actually find Turkish history fascinating, I just wish they kept the Romans around in Epirus as a puppet for kicks instead of outright destroying them.

>Setting Idea; If you lived in this year as a merchant, adventurer, or noble, where would you live, and what waifur would you most likely have an arranged marriage with
As for me I’d be a merchant in the Baltic and probably a Lithuanian Stork given my family’s history, that or a Celt of a sort so a boar or dragon.



It is 1056; Does anyone actually read this?
>Empress Theodora dies after an eighteen month reign, leaving Michael the Old as Byzantine Emperor. Theodora is the last ruling monarch of the Macedonian Dynasty and leading to the rise of the Doukas Dynasty who would see the Byzantines lose all holdings in Asia except for Trebizond
>Theodosius attempts to seize the throne from Michael the Old but before he is confronted by the Varangians he has doubts and goes to the Hagia Sophia, rather than executed Michael exiles him to Pergamum
>Henry the Black dies at Bodfeld, an imperial hunting lodge in the Harz Mountains, he is succeeded by his five year old son Henry IV who is crowned by the Pope Victor and his mother becomes his co-regent.
>Ottokar, Count of Steyr, becomes the first margrave of the Karantanian March, modern Styria, part of today’s Austria.
>Leofar Bishop of Hereford, enraged by the attack on the Hereford Cathedral in the previous year leads a failed campaign against the Welsh, he dies with most of his army at the battle of Glasbury-on-Wye.
>Earl Harold Godwinson raises an army to deal with the Welsh after hearing of Leofar’s death but comes to a peaceful resolution with them.
>The Almoravids are crushed by the Godala at the battle of Tabfarilla by the genius of the Godala Emir, Yahya ibn Umar al-Lamtuni, who dies in the battle.
>The Pagoda of Fogong Temple is completed in Liao Shangxi, in response the Song begin the construction of Pizhi Pagoda of Lingyan Temple in Shandong.
>Dromton, a chief disciple of Atisa, founds the Reting Monastery in Reting Tsangpo Valley as the seat of the Kadam branch of Buddhism.
>Muslims expel 300 Christians from Jerusalem, and forbid the Christians from entering the Church of the Holy Sepulcher. This will totally not be a key reason in the creation a Christain version of Jihad that will definitely not begin in 1096

>Byzantine Status; ???

>Setting idea; You are getting an arranged marriage with an unknown waifur, what species is she most likely? 


1057; With t -14 years until Manzikert the Byzanitnes have (another) civil war.
>General Issac Komnenos declares himself Emperor in Anatolia and begins a campaign towards Constantinople. Emperor Michael sends the regiments from Eastern and Western Anatolia to stop him
>The forces loyal to Emperor Michael are curb stomped and routed at the Battle of Hades, opening the path to Contantainople
>Before Issac can lay siege to the unconquered city a popular revolt within it overthrows Michael and allows Issac and his men in unopposed.
>The Battle of Lumphanan is fought in Scotland between the Red King, Macbeth, and Malcolm Canmore. Malcolm slays Macbeth.
>Macbeth’s stepson, Lulach, is crowned King of Scotland. Lul
>William the Bastard (later Conqueror) and Henry I, meet at the mouth of the Dives River, where William crushes the Franco-Anglevin campaign at the Varaville, ending Henry’s campaign and all future attempts by Henry to invade Normandy.
>Ferdinand the Great, king of Leon, captures the cities of Lamego and Viseu in modern Portugal from the Christian allies of the Taifa of Silves.
>The Banu Hilal raze the city of Kairouan in modern Tunisia, forcing the Zirid Dynasty to resettle the city of Mahdiya.
>King Anawrahta captures the city of Thaton, the capital of the Kingdom of Thaton, in doing so he strengthens Theravada Buddhism in Burma.
>Pope Victor II dies and Stephen IX ascends to the Papacy.
>Both the Macedonian Dynasty of Byzantium and the Kingdom of Thaton are destroyed forever.
>Reting Monastery from last thread is finished.

>Byzantine Status; See above, you tell me.

>You meet your waifu in the fields of war, meeting first in Anatolia at the end of each other’s lance, then in Scotland bringing claymores down on one another, one more you fight in France, her standing as a guard to Henry and you a champion of William. From there you stand on opposing sides in Iberia, you a Christian guard of the Taifa and her a mercenary under Ferdinand. You two finally stand shoulder to shoulder in Tunisia and on the boat to Italy she gives a long deep kiss from her equine tongue and promises to fight by your side if you’ll do the same. 


It is 1058; This year could be a Total War game.
>King Lulach is killed by his cousin Malcolm Canmore at another battle of Lumphanan, the latter of whom becomes King of the Scots.
>Empress Agnes de Poitou, Empress of the HRE and Andrew the White of Hungary meet to determine the border of Modern Austria.
>Judith of Swabia, the youngest Daughter of the late Henry the Black, is engaged to Prince Solomon of Hungary at Regensburg.
>The Normans Conqueror Southern Italy under Richard Drengot.
>Boleslaw the Generous takes the throne from his father, Casmir the Restorer, as king of poland following his father’s death.
>The Almoravids conquer the Berghouata Berber tribes, securing the moroccan coast.
>Pope Stephen IX would proclaim the relics at Vezelay Abbey then dies of a severe illness later that same month.
>Pope Nicholas II assumes the role of Pope.
>Emperor Issac of the Byzantines deposes Patriarch Micheal I and has him exiled to Marmara Island.
>Ealded, Archbishop of York, becomes the first English Bishop to go on pilgrimage to Jerusalem.
>The Dutch of Schesvig is founded on the Jutland Peninsula 
>The Brahmeswara Temple to Shiva is completed in India.
>The Taifa of Algeciras vanishes, relegated only to history.

>Byzantine Status; Unpopular but needed reforms are contested.

>Setting idea; You capture a Camel Berber to make into wife, on you first night she spits a face covering spit on on you. You cum on her nose in revenge. 


It is 1059; The man who could save the Byzantines steps down, and he who would deal it a deathblow, will rise.
>Issac I abdicates after none of his reforms are enacted by the nobles, any chance of either Michael returning to power is dashed as they both die of natural causes in the same year. Constantine X becomes the Byzantine Emperor
>The Magyars (modern Hungarians) and some Pechenegs cross the Danube, but are stopped shortly after by the Byzantines.
>Peter Kesmir IV (the Great) is crowned king of Dalmatia and Croatia, with him also being recognized as ruler of the Theme of Dalamatia, the cities of which remain territorially Byzantine.
>Robert Guiscard, the duke of Southern Italy, signs a treaty with Pope Nicholas II, recognising him as the ruler of Southern Italy.
>Alp Arslan assumes power after his father’s death. He then leads a campaign against the Byzantines and plunders the Theme of Sebastica.
>Pope changes hands from Stephen IX to Nicholas II following the former’s death.
>Nicholas II makes it so that only the College of Cardinals can determine the next Pope through a Papal Bull.
>Nicholas II establishes the position of Gonfalonier of the Church, which is effectively the Marshal or Migistar Militant of the Papal State.
>The Saint Thekla of the Palace of Blachernae Church is completed in Constantinople; it is the Atik Mustafa Pasha Mosque today.
>The Abbey of San Biagio at Piobbico Italy is completed. Today only the Church of the Abbey still stands as well as the apartment of the sole remaining monk.

>Byzantine Status; American Politics.

>Setting Idea; A Norman knight on his way to Capua, the capital of his people’s second kingdom, gets captured by a Bearded Vulturefu and gets his bone crushed but not by her beak.


It is 1060; And so begin the decade where the vikings fade, the Turks rise, and England is conquered for the last time.
>Henry I, King of France, dies. His son Phillip I assumes the throne, though is too young to rule, his mother Anne of Kiev and Count Baldwin II rule in his stead.
>The Italian Normans under Duke Robert Guiscard invade the Byzantine Province of Apulia and take the cities of Taranto and Brindisi. He then prepares to take Sciliy from the muslims before returning to Capua and lets his brother prepare the siege engines.
>Bela the Champion is crowned King of Hungary after his nep hew Solomon is denied the crown. With the support of Boleslaw II’s troops and financial support he assumes power.
>The New Book of Tang is written by Ouyang Xiu in China.
>Future Saint Anselm enters the Bec Abbey in Normandy
>The Slat Abn Shaif Synagogue is completed in Libya
>Cormeilles Abbey is completed in Normandy
>Saint-Martin-des-Champs Priory is completed in Paris.
>The Diocese of Lund is established, today the seat of the Bishop is now a Lutheran Church, and has been since 1658
>The Bishopric of Ratzeburg is established, it would become the Duchy of Mecklenburg before joining the North German Confederation.

>Byzantine Status; Turks in the East, Knight Armored Vikings in the West, Magyars in the North, and Fatimids to the South. Did I mention the King just abdicated last year?

>Setting idea; Monastery needs men to defend itself, concludes that true children of God are the only ones worthy. You are a monk and assigned a cat nun wife from the nunnery across the way by the Abbot. What is a sex? Neither of you know. Sounds sinful.

It is 1061; The Normans are busy.
>William the Conqueror banishes Robert de Grandmesnil, his nephew Berengar, his half-sister Judith (future wife of Robert I) and eleven monks for violence, forcing them to seek asylum in Norman italy.
>Robert Guiscard and his brother Robert I invade Sciliy, they land at night and catch the muslims off guard taking the city of Messina before marching towards central Sciliy.
>Sultan Yusuf bin Tashfin becomes King of Morrocco, and other Almoravid territory following the death of the the previous Sultan.
>Count Floris, the rebel king of Flanders is killed by Imperial German troops at Nederhemert following a defeat at Zaltbommel, this results in most of West Frisia being annexed by the Holy Roman Empire.
>The Estonian tribe known as the Sosols destroy the Kievan fortifications at Tartu and launch a raid on Pskov.

>Byzantine Status; More political division

>Setting Idea; Remember that Norman knight who got WINKED.manuscript like ten threads ago. His son is now is Sciliy and he’s going to NorRAM.tapistry the nieces of those horse saracens.


It is 1062; The most powerful nations in Europe are stirring.
>The Coup of Kaiserswerth takes place with the Archbishop of Cologne, Anno II, leads a group of German nobles to kidnap the eleven year old Henry IV and depose his mother as regent. Anno II then becomes the one in charge of Henry IV’s training and education calling himself the Magistar of Henry IV. The Empress, Anges of Poitou, is replaced as Co-Regent by Archbishops Siegfried I and Adalbert of Hamburg.
>Harold Godwinson leads a successful campaign against Wales, catching their king at the siege of Rhuddlan Castle. Harold takes the castle by the King escapes.
>The Almoravids overrun Morocco uniting their Iberian and African holdings forming an empire spanning from Spain to Senegal. However the Almoravids would be defeated by Ghanans.
>The Almoravids found the city of Marrakech in modern day Morocco.
>Harald III attempts to seize the throne of Denmark from the Sweyn II. He fails as he is defeated at sea during battle of Nisa
>The Sallarid Dynasty is destroyed forever by the hands of the rising Seljiks.
>The Ladies Abbey begins construction
>The Bgheno-Noravank monastery is founded in Armenia, it was lost to history until it was rediscovered by the writer Askel (Axel) Bakunts in the 1920’s.
>The Morioka Hachimangū is established in the city of its namesake in Japan
>The Catholic Diocese of Sape and Castro di Sardegna are founded.

>Byzantine Status; Bad.
>Setting Idea; You and your Armeinian Eagle waifur are on a hiking trip in the mountains, there you discover the remains of a Christian monastery filled with monks and nuns who haven’t progressed past the 11th century due to isolation. They don’t know what a “Communism” “Russia” or “Turk” is but they do invite you in for dinner and evening mass.


It is 1063; The Bane of Byzantium assumes his rightful role while the Normans continue to grow in strength.
>The Battle of Damghan is fought as part of the minor succession crisis following the death of Tughril, founder of the Seljuk Empire, between Alp Arslan and his brother Qutalmish. Alp Arslan defeats his brother forcing him to flee, but his son, Alp Arslan’s nephew Suleiman, is captured and taken prisoner by his uncle.
>Back in Europe the battle of Graus is fought where a Castilian-Zaragozan Army with Sancho the Strong leading the Christian half and Ahmad al-Muqtadir led the Muslims, the Spanish Hero, El Cid, fought along side the joint force as well against the Aragonese. The Joint force wins and during the battle kill the King of Aragon, Ramiro I.
>In Sicily the legendary Battle of Cerami is fought, with Roger I leading 136 of his Norman knights and 500 hundred infantrymen to victory against a muslim army numbering between 8,000 and 50,000, and killing up to 30% of the army.
>William the Conqueror seizes the Maine from the French and marries his son Robert to Margaret, daughter of the late Count Herbert II.
>The Pizhi Pagoda is completed in China.
>Saint Mark's Basilica begins construction in Venice
>Anselm becomes Prior of the Abbey of Bec.
>The Bishopric of Olomouc is established in Bohemia.
>Eight Deer Jaguar Claw, King the Mixtec Empire is born.

>Byzantine Status; Total War Med 2 on very hard very hard.

>Setting Idea; The Norman Knight’s son now has a harem of all sorts of desertfus numbering between 8 - 500


It is 1064; The Lion and the Conqueror stir
>Harold Godwinson get shipwrecked on the Norman coast and is captured Count Guy who demands ransom for his freedom. This is paid by William the Conqueror who’s only requirement is that if there is a conflict for the English throne, Harold will support William. The agreement is furthered with William marrying one of his daughters to Harold and his assistance in a brief campaign against the Brentons.
>Ferdinand the Great conquers more of modern day Portugal and creates the county of Portugal and captures Coimbra, he then besieges Barbastro. During the siege the Pope sanctions any and all troops going to Iberia to fight under Ferdinand. This is now considered a proto-crusade.
>Denmark and Norway make peace and Harald Haldrada turns his attention towards Britannia
>Alp Arslan takes the throne of the Seljuk Empire and then invades Caesarea and Armenia, where he takes the cities of Ani and Mazaka, the latter of which he sacks and puts the city’s population to the sword.
>The Pechnegs invade across the Danube again, razing Macedonia and reach Constantinople before they are stopped.
>The Fatimid governor of Syria tries to lead a coup against the anti-Fatimid leadership of Aleppo but fails.
>The Georgians capture Samshvilde
>The Aztecs migrate from the coast to central mexico.
>The Great German pilgrimage to Jerusalem begins
>The Piazza dei Miracoli begins construction in Pisa
>Anno II founds the Michaelsberg Abbey at Siegburg
>Sunset Crater Volcano in Arizona erupts for the first time.
>The Münster Schaffhausen is finished in Switzerland
>The San Tommaso, Ascoli Piceno is finished in Italy

>Byzantine Status; Turkish Spitroast

>Setting Idea; You get dommed by a Aztec Jaguar and made her husband because she couldn;t find one in the tribe. You learn she loves sucking dick, but also that she loves showing her razor sharp teeth when doing so.


It is 1065; The Calm Before the Storm.
>Ferdinand the Great dies. He leaves to his three sons a kingdom each, to Sancho the Strong goes Castille, to Alfonso goes Leon, and Garcia is given Portugal, which becomes independent of the other two and begins its own path separate from the idea of a united Christian Iberia, Spain.
>Alfonso captures the city of Almeria from an Arab taifa.
>The People of Northumbria revolt against Tostig, who flees to be with his brother Count Guy in Flanders. The People then choose Morkar as Duke of York.
>Alp Arslan and his Turkish hordes lead campaigns against Kipchaks and Turkomen in Central Asia and another against the Caucuses where the Turks pillage the Georgian lands and capture the city of Kars, while they raze the former Armenian capital of Ani. He would also suppress a revolt in the Khoressan.
>Westminster Abbey is consecrated by Edward the Confessor.
>Sima Guang, the chancellor of the Song Dynasty leads a team of scholars to write and publish the “Universal History of China” or Zizhi Tongjian.
>The Great German Pilgrimage to Jerusalem is attacked by Bedouins, they are kept alive by a string of miracles and results in them being effectively besieged and abandoned in Anatolia with no Byzantine aid coming and no soldiers among them. However the Fatimids save them and offer them safe passage to the Holy City before they leave two weeks later by boat from Syria.
>The Likir Monastery is built in Northern India
>The Dicle Bridge is built across the Tigris by the Marwanids, a Kurdish Dynasty.
>The Santa Maria della Matina and St. Vincent Abbey, Senlis are both completed in Europe.
>The Duchy of Limburg is founded
>The Al-Nizamiyya of Baghdad, an Arabian College, is founded by the Turks.
>The Taifa of Ronda is destroyed forever by the Taifa of Seville.

>Byzantine Status; Making Enemies it can’t afford to make.

>Setting idea; You are a German pilgrim, you’ve been through both Imperial bureaucracy and now are dealing with Byzantine Bullshit™ finally a group of Arabs, heretics no less, come to save you from the Camel Bedoin fucks when your fellow Christians didn’t. You throw off your cross and ask one of them where the nearest mosque is. The horse, lion, goat, and roach soldiers laugh and say they’ll take you the Jama in Cairo. Along the way you wind up with four wives, one of sisters from each of four soldiers you’ve befriended. Once you arrive in Cairo you get to attend Wednesday prayer and finally meet your brides. It’s really awkward.   


It is 1066; I need not say anything else
>Edward the Confessor dies, on his deathbed he declares Harold Godwinson to be his successor. He crowns himself in the new Westminster Abbey, but two other claimants moblize, Harald Haldrada assembles his armies and sets sail while William the Conqueror begins amassing a fleet of seven hundred warships.
>Harold Godwinson marries Ealdgyth, sister of Aelfgar and widow of the late Welsh king.
>Haley’s Comet lights up the sky on 3/20.
>On September 18th Harald Haldrada lands at Scarborough and begins his invasion of England from the East.
>The English army races to defeat Harald Haldrada at the Battle of Fulford, where they are torn to shreds by the Norse, with the 5,000 strong force being effectively destroyed on the 20th of September.
>Five days later the battle of Stamford Bridge marks the end of Harald Haldrada, the Viking Age, and his armies who are caught off guard and lack their armor only bringing their weapons to fight the English. The English Rebels that fought alongside the Norwiegans are put to death after their leaders, Tostig and Eystein Orre die on the battlefield, on the 25th of September
>William sets sail with his armies from the mouth of the Somme River on the 27th, just two days after his rival claimants death.
>William lands at the town of Pevensey in East Sussex on the 28th and begins his invasion of England from the South bringing Archers and Cavalry unlike the late Harald Haldrada. Here he splits his forces with his main army heading to Hastings while the smaller of the two armies begin to secure the surrounding region
>As October hits Harold hears of William’s invasion and marches his remaining men from Stamford to London where he raises new men for two days.
>On the 14th of October Harold and William meet on the battlefield at Hastings, Harold places his army, mainly of spearmen, atop a hill while William and his men are stuck at the bottom. Williams left units were the fearsome Bretons, the Celts of Brittany, while his center and right units were a mix of his own Norman subjects and soldiers from France proper, he used his archers to soften the English before his infantry attacked, while his Knights are thought to have doubled as both mounted javelins and shock cavalry. Willam saw that the English shield wall was holding strong against his infantry and decided to try to bait them with a faux retreat, the English not supposed to break rank did and once their formation broke the Norman cavalry charged in slaughtering the English and the Norman archers began to pelt the English once more, Harold himself dying from an arrow in the eye.
>After the English army collapsed and Harold was found to be slain, Edgar Ætheling is claimed to be King the next day but he is forced to submit to William before he can be crowned
>William begins to fortify the southern English coast beginning in Dover and on Christmas Day, 1066, he is crowned King of England at Westminster Abbey. He is the last person to have ever successfully conqueror England for nearly a thousand years

>Outside of England in Italy the envious people of the Republic of Genoa launch an attack on the militarily successful Republic of Pisa
>Tain becomes the first town in Scotland to be chartered as a royal burgh by King Malcolm Canmore.
>Huy becomes the first town in the Benelux to be granted city rights by Theodwin of Liège
>King Stenkil dies after a 6-year reign. Two rival claimants named Eric battle for the Swedish Crown. Their year long civil war would result in all but one member of the Swedish royal clan dying and Christianity becoming the dominant faith in Sweden
>Magnus Haraldsson assumes the throne of Norway and unites its western and northern portions into a single unified Kingdom
>Fulk IV and Geoffrey III begin a personal civil war in France over Anjou and Touraine.
>Five days after Christmas the Granada Massacre takes place, where the Muslim population storm the castle, crucify the Jewish Vizer, and proceed to begin exterminating the Jews in the region. Hadrian’s ghost is strong I tell you.
>City of Šibenik first mentioned by its modern name after the King of Croatia changed it.

>Byzantine Status; T -5 years until Manzikert, no allies, making enemies.

>Setting Idea; You are soaked from head to toe in blood whether or not it is your own or your foes it does not matter, in your hand an axe red from blade to handle drips onto the ground of a land you’ve never been. Your king, William, tells you to rest as his Knights the nobles of his court hunt down what’s left of the English army. Months pass, and you grow more and more accustomed to England, even being wed to one from the Danelaw, a raven adorned in the golden paint of her tribe’s strange customs. The people here speak a language much like the Norse you were raised, and on Christmas day, as your King is given his crown you are married to your wife in the winter snow of the Isle. You retire to the countryside with three sows, a board, five hens and a cock, and a knapsack full of wheat berries, while your wife carries with her your own children, a gift you gave her on boxing day. 
>A few years have since past, your first son is now five years of age, he is learning his prayers from the local priest in perfect latin, your farm has grown steadily, five fields of wheat and two dozen pigs, nearly a hundred chickens, five score and ten of which are laying hens, and you have saved up enough coin to buy two head of cattle, a bull and a cow. Life is good, but it is rather busy between raising the two children that have lived to walk, tending the fields and to the animals, uut it puts coin in your coffers and keeps the family healthy and wealthy so it is worth it.


It is 1067; Consolidation and Oblivion
>Emperor Contantine X dies after a seven year reign his brother John Doukas as well as his widow are the two regents for his two sons.
>The Turks make some minor military actions into Mesopotamia, sack Caesarea and begin to raid the area around Antioch. Even passing the Cilician Gates
>The Swedish Civil War between Eric and Eric ends with both claimants' deaths. Halsten, the youngest son of the late king and one of the few surviving Swedish nobles takes the throne. This civil war was so bad we only know it ended because of Danish christians who documented a war in Sweden as Sweden itself recessed into religio-political conflict.
>Olaf III returns to Norway with the survivors of Stamford Bridge, he is crowned co-ruler alongside Magnus Haraldsson.
>Back in England William makes his half-brother Odo of Bayeux his deputy and de-facto ruler of England while he returns to Normandy with Edgar Aetheling, Archbishop Stigand, and brothers Morcar and Edwin.
>Eustace II, count of Boulogne, schemes with the Kentishmen to seize Dover Castle, the plan is discovered and foiled and Eustace is stripped of his English fiefs.
>I’ve been to Dover, why the hell would you want it?
>William marches on Exeter and after an 18 day siege takes the castle
>The Normans overrun Gwent, the Kingdom unable to put up any meaningful resistance in response to their support of Eadric's Herefordshire rebellion. It is the first of Welsh Kingdoms to be destroyed by the Normans
>William founds Winchester Castle
>On the Continent the Count of Thuringia founds Wartburg Castle.
>The Three Sons of Yaroslav the Wise fight the Battle on the Nemiga river, an bloodbath so great it was later described as “the bloody banks of the Nemiga" being sown not with blessings but with bones” and crush the Polotsk army in a pyrrhic victory.
>A Polotsk city is burnt to the ground by the Kievan Rus and renamed to Minsk, the Kievans find another settlement and name it Orsha, these are the two oldest cities in Belerus.
>The emperor of Song China dies.
>Canterbury Cathedral is damaged but not destroyed by fire.
>The House of Percy is founded in England.
>The Abbey of Saint-Sauveur-le-Vicomte and the 
Jumièges Abbey are completed in France
>The San Pier Maggiore is completed in Florence, it does not stand today.
>The Kharraqan towers are completed in Persia.

>Byzantine Status; Under Attack

>Setting Idea; You have to pick between two wives, each named Erica, what species are they? but they can’t be the same.
>Hard Mode; Only Swedish Animals


It is 1068; The Last Attack of the Roman Empire begins..
>Constantine X’s widow marries Romanos Diogenes who is crowned co-regent and then leads the Byzantine Expeditionary army to successes in Syria taking the fortress city of Hieropolis before a Byzatine Garrison fails to check a Turkish raid that sacks Amorium deep in Anatolia and escape back to Seljuk land unmolested. Romanos winters in Aleppo before returning to Constantinople.
>The Normans under Robert Guiscard begin the Siege of Bari, the last hold of the Byzantines in Italy following the overrun of Scilly by the Muslims and Normans.
>William the Conqueror begins ending the revolts in York, Lincoln, Stafford, and Nottingham with the 18-day long siege of Exeter, taking the city from the Anglo-Saxon rebels and then marching on the rebellious lands but not before bringing his wife, Matilda of Flanders, to be crowned Queen of England in Westminster Abbey.
>An important political marriage between a powerful female noble and the Almoravid Sultan occurs.
>The Emperor of Xia china dies as the emperor of Jin china is Born.
>The Emperor of Japan dies without an heir, goes smoothly all things considered.
>William the Conqueror builds three more castles at Cambridge, Totnes, and Rougemont(Exeter)
>The Catholic Dioceses of Oslo, Nidaros, and Bergen are all founded.

>Byzantine Status; Last Assault in their History as one of their most crippling defeats begin.

>Setting idea; Life has grown sour in the East, so you and your Caracal wife decide to move to City of Venice, where your skills as a carpenter have made you a rather wealthy shipmaker. Your newborn children will not fear the Turks and slavers, and in the city of canals you and your wife spend saturday evenings on a bench, and watch the sunset over the Adriatic  

It is 1069; The Dance of Death is a beautiful ballad
>Romanos reignites his campaign against the Turks in the spring marching towards the Euphrates river but stops to capture Chliat on Lake Van leaving a rear guard there before capturing the western bank of the Euphrates.
>The Turks smash the rear guard and strike deep into Cappadocia and Lyconia plundering the lands but fail to take the city of Iconium, however Alp Arslan does force Romanos to retreat and uses the edge he’s gained to retake his losses in the East and take the town of Manzikert, a place of undoing.
>Romanos dispatches an army to lift the siege Robert Guiscard has set on Bari, however the Normans crush the Byzantines and take the cities of Gravina, Obbiano and Apulia in the retreat.
>The people of Northumbria revolt and kill their duke at Dunham and attack York, 
>The second rule of the Taifa of Seville is crowned.
>Magnus Haraldsson dies of sickness the same year his first and only legitimate son is born.
>King Sweyn of Denmark lands at Humber and helps the Northumbrian rebels take the two castles near York and burn down the old minister in York.
>At Stafford William the Conqueror crushes Edwin, Earl of Mercia’s rebellion and turns his sights north, beginning the “Harrying of the North” to end future rebellions, it results in 100,000+ deaths, mainly from exposure, disease, and starvation in the coming winter.
>The nation of Nam Tien begins to expand further down the Vietnamese coast.
>The Emperor of Song China appoints Wang Anshi as chief chancellor who begins the “New Policies.”

>Byzantine Status; The Siege of Bari and Manzikert mentioned, put it together.

>Setting Idea;You die a glorious death in the service of Rome, Gabriel determines you were a good man, and when you enter heaven a single black crow waits for you. You sit down next to her and it feels natural. “I’m so sorry I had to take you.” She cries letting down a previously unseen sickle. In that moment you realized death was just as lonely as you were and decide to give her a hug. She begins to bawl.


It is 1070; The last year of the phoenix’s rise.
>Romanos leads a successful counter attack on the Turks, finally driving them across the Euphrates.
>King Sweyn II joins the main English Rebellion under Hereward and capture Isle of Ely and then in East Anglia where the rebels sack the Peterborough Abbey with the help of Sweyn’s Danes.
>Archbiship Stigand is deposed.
>The English Rebels ranks swell with desperate men as the Harrying of the North continues.
>Sweyn is forced to leave England with his men as a peace treaty between Norman England and Denmark is signed.
>The Pavian, Lanfranc, is appointed as new Archbishop of Canterbury
>William repels a Scottish invasion while continuing his northern punitive campaign.
>The 1st Earl of Chester begins a personal invasion of Wales and captures portions of Gwynedd.
>William the Conqueror invites some Jews to live in England. 
>King Olaf III of Norway founds Bergen, the capital for the next 200 years.
>Halsten Stenkilsson is deposed as King of Sweden and Hakan the Red assumes the throne of Gotland while Anund Gardske assumes Svealand.
>The rebuilding of York Minster and Canterbury Cathedral begins.
>The Xining Reforms begin in Song China
>The Chola Empire enters its late stage and decline unto death
>The Temple of Literature is constructed in Hanoi
>Two very famous and overly long publications are completed in China, one is a poem, the other a scientific encyclopedia.
>Richmond Castle begins construction
>Chester Castle is Finished

>Byzatine Status; Winning on 1 front of 2

>Setting Idea; You are awkward young merchant, decide you need a wife, find a single jewish maiden down at the docks dipping her tail in the later summer sea. You get to know her and share some sea biscuit which she needs no water for.. Take her as bride despite her family’s curses, convert her to Christianity. Find later the next year that the lord has given you a fertility blessing and you are to sire 12 young


It is 1071; The Phoenix’s Wings are clipped.
>The Byzantines fight the Battle of Manzikert as Alp Arslan leads another campaign across the Euphrates, on the first day of the Battle Romanos and Alp Arslan are evenly matched, but during the night a conspiracy leads the Byzantine army to fight a battle between each other and the next day the Turks have no problem routing the remnant of the Byzantine Army and within the week capture Romanos. Much of the Varangian Guard is destroyed and the ensuing civil war would leave Anatolia open to the desperate Turks fleeing the Mongols.
>John Doukas becomes co-ruler of Byzantium benefiting from the disaster at Manzikert and has Romanos blinded and exiled before killing him later that year.
>Robert Guiscard triumphs over the Byzantines at the Siege of Bari repelling the Byzantines from Italy forever, Romanos had repeatedly tried to lift the siege but the Normans crushed them each and every time. Despite Guiscard’s genius he suffered heavy losses, and while not as heavy as the Byzantines, it still weakened his armies to a point where the planned Scilian campaign had to be delayed. The people of Bari had suffered enough in the eyes of the Normans being starved and thus the region was occupied.
>In Flanders the Battle of Cassel is fought, where Robert I succeeds over his sister-in-law for the fief Flanders.
>The English rebels under Hereward and Morcar are forced to retreat to the Isle of Ely where they make a desperate last stand but fail however the two leaders escape.
>Oxford Castle, Wallingford Castle, and the town of Richmond are established in England.
>Shah-Armens, a Turkic Nation in Anatolia is founded.
>The Counts of Hainaut, Holland, and Limburg are all established as Dutch titles.
>The County of Sicily is established

>Byzantine Status; Robbed of its recruiting grounds, repelled from the first home of the empire, and in a civil war, this was the first true deathblow.

>Setting idea; It's over. Your king betrayed on the first night of battle and the Turkish devil washed over your comrades when the sun rose. You had no wife to protect, no family left after the Turks burned Cappadocia to the ground, there’s no place for you here, so you head east, beyond the Turks, beyond the Persians and the Kush, to a land of spices and color, of elephants, tigers, and love. Here you meet her in the river Ganges, her back as black as tar and her belly as white as ivory. You were plucking your harp on the river’s edge, she scooped you up and with her spare hand played a flute. Together you made a wonderful melody. The next day she’s there again. Your heart begins to feel tugged and an unfamiliar feeling seems to be shared between the two of you.


It is 1072; Blood for the Blood God.
>Romanos IV is blinded and exiled to a monastery, a few days before he is killed he received a letter congratulating him on his blindness. John Doukas, and his Dynasty are pieces of shit.
>Robert Guiscard takes Palermo after a year-long siege, and drives the Muslims from the North of the island with their new capital in Syracuse, the Heretics in Italy have less than 20 years left as rulers. His brother Roger received the keys to the city and his brother Robert makes him the Count of Sicily.
>Sancho the Strong fights the Battle of Golpejera against his Brother Alfonso IV and defeats him, exiling him and claiming the title of “Emperor of Spain”. Alfonso seeks refuge with the Taifa Toledo.
>Sancho the Strong is assassinated and Alfonso IV is crowned King of Spain but is forced by El Cid to swear and oath denying any involvement in his brother’s death.
>Alp Arslan dies on campaign in Transoxania, at the hands of a rebellious governor who he has condemned to death, the governor rushes him with a dagger, Alp Arslan a proud archer denies his guards to defend him, however his foot slips and meets his end at the end of dead man’s blade.
>The Accord of Winchester establishes the primacy of the Archbishop of Canterbury over that of York
>William the Conqueror launches a successful invasion of Scotland, forcing Malcolm III to acknowledge William as his feudal lord and him a vassal to England.
>Shen Kuo begins to map the Stars over China, later that year he develops a new dredging technique.
>The Huainan Circuit is dissolved as an administrative region
>The Abbey of Gurk is disestablished in favor of the nearby Cathedral dedicated to the same Saint.

>Byzantine Status; Civil War and Collapsing.

>Setting Idea; You are the same Byzantine from before, you discover that your snake wife is the sister by marriage to the new Turkish Despot hearing that the demon himself is dead, killed by his own pride. You raise an enormous army of 12,000 Indians angered at the Turkish raids and begin an anti-turkish campaign-genocide throughout the Indus Valley and begin to work your way up the river destroying any and all roaches that dare try to stop you from avenging your king. You take your army and march back to India with thousands of Turkish women as slaves to be sold to the Cholas in the East. Once you return, rich and satisfied you retire as a local noble your wife’s heritage honored and your vengeance satiated so you can focus on raising your humans son and snake daughter.
