> You hate your life.
> After a double shift at work, dealing with a spitting drunk on the bus home, and getting soaked by torrential rain as you disembarked... You were dead on your feet.
> There was nothing at home waiting for you. Just a cold and empty apartment, still cluttered with boxes of crap you had never bothered unpacking.
> A microwave dinner and one final can of cheap ass beer was all you had to look forward to before trying to get some sleep. The boss had told you to come in early tomorrow, despite just finishing a double with a late. 
> As you trudge in through the front door however, your not greeted with the empty darkness that usually waits.
> The lights are on, and the smell of cooking food damn near slaps you in the face with its mouthwatering intensity.
> Crap. Someone must have broken in again. What's the count now? Three times in six months? Except this time, someone is still here...
> You silently swear to whatever god might be listening that if you go in the pokey little kitchen and find some drugged up nut sitting there and eating your crappy microwave dinner then blood will be spilled.
> In the rack next to the door is a crappy old golf umbrella that no longer opens. You grab it, the slightly rusted metal tip will make for good stabbing or at least some clubbing.
> You don't have the patience or energy for stealth. So with improvised weapon in hand and still dripping wet, you stomp into the kitchen, ready for war.
> What you find stops you dead. The kitchen is bright and steamy, the flakey walls looked freshly painted, tidy blinds hung in the little window instead of bare glass. Pots and pans were either simmering on the hob or stacked in the sink soaking in soapy water. It looked... lived in.
> This alone would have been enough to surprise you, but not short out your brain. What did that was the apron wearing figure standing by the worktop, preparing two plates ready for the food.
> "Welcome home Anon!"
> Wut?
> The owner of the voice was covered in strips of black and white fur, standing up on two legs and almost a head shorter than you. Despite such a thing being impossible, there was a walking talking skunk woman in your kitchen, cooking food and addressing you by name.
> She left the plates where they were and darted over to where you stood in shocked silence. A huge fluffy tail trailing in her wake.
> You try take a step back but she's too quick, grabbing hold of your arm and pulling you forwards.
> Before anything else happens however, she releases her grip just as quickly, surprise and concern etched across her furred face and her sapphire eyes.
> "Anon! You're soaked! You poor thing... I've been telling you to go get a new umbrella since forever..."
> She tutts under her breath and starts stripping your wet coat from your shoulders.
> "I'll go put this out on the radiator to dry. You go get changed, supper will be ready by the time you get back, ok hun?"
> As she marches quickly out the way you had come wth your coat and umbrella, you struggle to think straight. What is this? Why is there a skunk woman in your apartment? How? Anthros don't exist!
> Up until recently you had been a regular visitor to an online message board dedicated to Norwegian yodeling enthusiasts, you had sworn never to return after declaring anthros would never exist and you couldn't take the sadness anymore...
> Yet here one was...
> She returned, giving a little huff of disapproval as she saw you still standing there.
> "Hurry up Anon!" she chided. You have a big day tomorrow so you don't have time to dilly dally tonight. Chop chop!"
> As she turned back to the pans you realise she's not wearing anything under the apron... Nothing but black and white fur.
> As if drugged, you slowly turn and obey. You barely notice the living room was now furnished too as you shuffle off to get changed...
> In a daze you reach your room, strip off, and pull out some fresh clothes. Its only as you head back out the door that you realise that your room is not as you had left it...
> This morning it had been just a single bed, a small closet and more boxes. Now though there was a double bed, a larger closet and a chest of draws.
> There were feminine products on the surface along with some of your own things. Women's clothes in the closet...
> What freaked you out though was how you had known where to find your things. You had never seen this room before but it felt like you knew it all by heart...
> You head back through to the kitchen, intent on getting some answers from your new houseguest.
> As you reach the kitchen however, you see she has been busy. A folding table has appeared with some chairs, the plates are set with food and she is sitting there, waiting for you.
> "Come on, sit down and eat up. Its getting cold."
> You find yourself sitting, eying up the meal.
> It was some pan fried buttered chicken, fluffy mashed potatoes and some steamed veggies. A simple meal but a gourmet feast for a man who had been living on ready meals.
> "So... How was your day Anon? Did they give you a card or anything at least?"
> You had already taken a bite of the chicken, it danced a heavenly jig across your tongue as her words sink in.
> "Card? Why would they give me a card?"
> You stop yourself. Why were you asking that? Why hadn't you confronted her about... any of this!?! Instead you had fallen into comfortable conversation with her like it was... normal.
> "Cos it was your last day silly!" she chuckled. 
> Something in your mind clicks. Today had been your last day... You remember your boss had even asked you to reconsider and everything? But the early shift tomorrow...
> The two conflicting memories wrestled in your head as you tried to work out what was happening.
> "So..." she started. You looking forward to tomorrow?"
> "What's happening tomorrow?" you ask, again finding a disconnect somewhere between your swimming mind and your mouth.
> "Your new job of course. Its all you've been able to talk about for weeks. Are you ok?"
> She got out of her own seat and slipped over to your side of the table. Before you know it she's sitting on your lap and pressing her hand to your forehead.
> "Are you ok? How long did you spend out in the rain?"
> She always fusses like this over you, your not a...
> No that's not right. You've been alone for longer than you can remember. No one cared this much since... 
> Your head spins some more as you try and clear the confused chain of thoughts running through it.
> The scantily clad skunk on your lap suddenly locked her furry lips to yours, completely derailing the runaway thought train.
> Part of you tries to pull away, but another responds in kind. Warmth floods through you in response to her familiar taste. Your hands move instinctively to her waist, caressing and stroking at the fur above her hips in the way only you know how she likes.
> Her lips pull from yours as she releases a shuddering breath in response.
> "Oh there's nothing wrong with you Mr... You just wanted to trick me over here didn't you?"
> She doesn't sound displeased...
> "I'm just feeling a little tired is all babe..." you sigh. "That and you know it drives me nuts when you cook in the nude like that..."
> She giggles mischievously.
> "We have an early start tomorrow you know. We really should be getting to bed soon..."
> You smile as she hops off your lap and heads off out the kitchen, her meal forgotten. The sound of a plastic apron hitting the floor reaches you, your smile getting wider.
> God you love this girl...
> Your smile slips as you cant remember her name. The confusion returning tenfold.
> As worlds collided inside your mind, you almost drown under the strain.
> "Anon... I'm waiting..."
> Her voice carries through the doorway, urging you to go find her.
> Still, you hesitate. What is happening to you? Why do you have memories of a life with this girl when up until an hour ago you know she didn't even exist at all? Or was it the other way around?
> You wonder if it was the other life that was wrong? The lonely Anon living day to day...
> Further debate would have to wait as her voice called through once more, sounding less seductive and more annoyed.
> "Dammit Anon! I love you and all but leave the dishes til tomorrow! Be thoughtful after you plough me silly!"
> You know that tone... She must be coming into heat again soon.
> Shaking your head you get up and head for the bedroom, flipping light switches as you go.
> When you get there you see her lounging on the bed. Her head propped up on one hand while the other rested on her hip.
> Her thick fur did its best to hide her breasts from sight but there was no keeping those babies down. They hung alluringly from her, the nipples pink and hard.
> "Come here big boy... Let me help you feel better."
> Your clothes are suddenly on the carpet, your hands eagerly pulling them free without much in the way of prompting.
> As you climb on the bed next to her you move in for a kiss, eager to taste those lips once more.
> Her finger appears and blocks your path.
> "First things first sweetie..." she whispers. You owe me one, remember?"
> You wrack your fractured memories trying to work out what she means... Until finally it twigs.
> A few days ago in that creepy vegan restaurant, you had agreed to meet her there for lunch. It had been recommended by a friend and she wanted to try it. Turns out the food was terrible. She decided to take her own dessert however by slipping under the table and serving you to a very special treat of your own...
> It of course meant she was owed a treat in return, it was kinda your thing.
> Kissing her outstretched finger, you move downwards...
> Planting more little kisses along her body as you go, you work your way down.  She giggles and bites her lip as you take your time getting past her belly button, before slipping down between her thighs.
> Once there you see her spread and waiting.  Her pink opening already slick with her anticipation, her heady scent filling your senses.
> Any doubts found themselves steeply outbid for your attention by her dripping sex.  You found yourself focusing on the desire to taste a different set of her lips.
> You move in slowly, making sure to take your time.
> She quivers as you lightly start to trace her opening with your tongue.  Her taste is other worldly.  The dampness there doesn't take long to escalate into soaked, each lap of your tongue causing her to swell and moan.
> When you have her worked up enough you move up a gear.  You reach over with a hand and gently pull her folds apart.  Your target is soon revealed, her shining clit exposed and begging for attention.
> As you begin to circle it with your tongue, you feel something hot and wet lap against the side of your erect member.  You had been laying on the bed almost 69, focusing all your attention on her while she writhed with pleasure.  It would seem though that she had decided to join in.
> You stop your ministrations to glance at her questioningly.  Her response is a wicked grin and another lick.  So that's her game...
> You redouble your efforts, aware that if she gets to work down there now then you will still owe her another whatever happens...  A hazey memory of being caught between her legs at the cinema once and scooting out the emergency exit rippled across your vision...  Although you couldn't remember when or even the name of the cinema...
> The feel of pointed teeth against your manhood snapped you back to the job at hand.  You knew just what to do.
> You plunge your your tongue deep within her wet folds, causing her to nearly choke on your dick as she inhaled sharply.
> With her concentration interrupted you move ahead, moving back to her clit and suckling on it gently.
> To this she had no defense, lifting her head from you and moaning deeply.  You didn't let up, switching between her clit and pushing back inside.
> Soon your efforts were rewarded.  She leant down and grabbed a hold of your head, trying to pull you in deeper as she whined and moaned.  You felt her now sopping wet pussy twitch and contract as her climax hit.
> With a final shuddering moan she released you and fell back, laying once more upon the bed.
> With the tally evened out, you shuffle on up and lay next to her.  She was a mess.  Her normally perfectly combed fur stuck out in all directions, she must have been wearing eyeliner as dark streaks were visible on the white fur on her face, her normally fluffy tail had actually poofed out too.
> Despite appearances though, she wasn't finished.
> "Ok... now... your..."
> She could barely get a word out between panting breaths but her intent was clear.  She flipped up and on top of you, straddling your groin but not taking your manhood to where it wanted to go.
> "Do you want me?" she rasped, still obviously recovering.  "Do you need me?  Do you?"
> "Yes!" you pant back, desiring to fill her up like nothing else.
> "Then say my name..." she whispers softly.  
> Panic strikes you.  What is her name?  Why cant you remember?  The hell!?!
> She lifts herself up and holds her now burning entrance over your erect tip, close enough to feel the heat but just out of reach...
> "Say my name..." she whispers once more, quieter now.
> She starts to grind against you, her dripping sex driving you mad.
> When she asks a third time, you cant help but give her what she wants.
> "Anon!" she growls.  "Say my name!"
> Grabbing her hips and pulling her down onto your waiting member, you bellow a single word, the only one that matters.
> "Scarlett!  Damn I love you!"
> Her already well lubricated womanhood glides down along your waiting shaft, hilting her in seconds.
> As she screams once more in pleasure, you take your chance to pull her down onto her back so you can get to work with a bit more control.
> You drive into her again and again.  Both of your ragged breaths and moans joining together in united ecstasy.
> It doesn't take much longer for you to reach your own climax, it hits around the time of her second.  Everything seems to fall away as you release inside of her, only the feel of her fur as you hold her tight remains, that and the supernova taking place between her legs.
> As you eventually pull out, she plants gentle kisses along your cheek and lips, as if trying to memorise the taste of this moment for times yo come.
> You both lay spent, but content in each others arms.  Soon sleep takes her, a look of peace upon her face.
> As you brush some white fringe fur from her face you try and remember what had been bothering you when you had gotten home.  Nothing came to mind however.
> Her sleepy voice distracted you from your thoughts.
> "Love you Anon."
> "Love you more Scarlett."
> When sleep came calling for you, it found no resistance.  All was as it should be.  You drifted off in the arms of your furry one and only, heaving one last sigh of contentment into the darkness before it took you.
  Fin