[theme https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVL6JYeciNQ]


An anthro buddy of yours forces you to go to Human con with him, You are dreading it as you've seen the cringe compilations online.
You walk inside, the place filled with anthro's wearing human costumes some look ok, some, like a serial killer would wear, nobody seems to notice that you're a real Human with all the cosplayers but having these "skin suits"-terrible name, although, maybe going to something called a "skin head conversation" would raise a few eyebrows.

You hear some skinny lanky anthro's larping as humans all around you.
"Shakes your hand respectfully" 
"Notices your watch from your tax rebate"
"Howdy, how's the acne and sun burn" 
"What the.. do they really think we talk like this?"
You lose your friend in the crowd, what a jerk, he's friend with a human anyway, why'd he come here in the first place!?

You go to a discussion panel, it's filled with neckbeards and big girls talking about how amazing Humans are, thier culture, music and fashion, and how there's totally not a fetish side to the fandom. No,no, nope totally.
Suddenly the panel gets to lewd conversations about human anatomy and how the length, width, and girth and smoothness of it was the ultimate pleasure to anthro's, since they have all knots and other deformations to them, dont even get me started on ducks.
You fucking knew it.
You hear an out of breath voice muffled with food trying to chat up some poor girl behind you his spaghetti flying everywhere.
"Err, Hey err miss, I have a burrito coupon and a Minecraft sticker with your name on it, if-if, that's ok with you miss,".


Her gag, an audible disgust that could be heard through the entire hotel.
"Ewww why would I want you're tiny lipstick looking dick, I only want humans thanks you very much"
 You're curiosity and your arousal at that comment makes you turn your head like a owl at the person who made that remark.

You look over a see a cute canine girl, she's  dressed in a  black zip up hoodie, with a tight black jeaned shorts, and black knee high socks wearing square, business like glasses, she has short burgundy coloured hair with beige fluffy ears protruding from her hair that's sweeping over covering one of her her green emerald eye's. You immediately grasp this god give opportunity and give a flirtatious wink as her love of Humans makes you feel like a king and boosts you with unnerving confidence.
"You alright babe, this chump ain't bother you is he?, I'd hate to force my SMOOTH and...HARD, HUMAN, body on anthro's when I don't want too, especially when I'm better suited for...other things~".

She immediately gets up and drags you to the bathroom and pushes you into a stall.
She's all nervous and playing with her fingers sheepishly.
>"Ummmm I've actually never...you know"
>"Don't worry, I won't destroy you with my perfect in every way 7inch meat stick of pleasure"
The sexual tension too ecstatic She pulls down your pants to reach for your dick and flops onto the bridge of her snout.
Please think it's 7' please think it's 7'
"Oh wow you're so big! human cock looks sooo~ good~"
She takes the whole thing in her mouth closing her eyes
She licks and caresses the balls
She looks up to you panting
"Call me your pet!...call me your dog like in those BRED videos"
You have no Idea what's she's talking about
"Uhhh~ yeah! you're a bitch! And I like Bread"
"Yeah just how I- wait what!"
"...I dunno I've never done this kind of thing"
She stops sucking 
"Oh you mean pet play? I have a TB size folder on my phone if you don't get the Idea I can show you"
"No, I ment... you know I never actually done... "it" before"
"O-Oh...I'm kinda relieved I-er,I kind of went a little crazy there didn't I" she gets up from the floor letting out nervous chuckle
"I bet you don't even think I'm good looking just some desperate loser"
"That's not true, I think your actually quite pretty, er, I mean your sexy baby yeah~" putting on a masculine voice and finger banging, your penis still hanging out flacid
She chuckels at how "cool" you're trying to be to impress her
"I know I was a bit forward but, did you wanna just go back to my room and hang out, it would be better than this dingy bathroom"
"Yeah, sure, just  let me just put back my 8 inch love- ah, forget it"
You arrive at her hotel room, lots of human related artwork fill the room really beautiful, like you'd seen in an art gallery, a proper one not modern shit.with also a human hugging pillow tucked away in the corner, it's some guy in a suit with his shirt open, "does she hug this at night? maybe she really does have a pinneing for human guys?" on the bed, you both sit down sprawled out on the bed facing the off TV the sound of unintelligible chatter in the hotel and the sound of the car's outside is the ambient sounds in the room.
"So, what's your name"
"Anon"
"Yours"
"Dimmi"
You get taking about all kinds of things, what hobbies she likes, what hobbies you like, feeling less like strangers and more like an acquaintance. She asks you all these human realted questions, very minute things that aren't at all interesting like shaving or how  puberty works, eventually you talked about the fetish of humans something tells you she may be a little interested in humans
"So down at the panel you really wanted to..."
"Oh- well, when you're at a Human con and you see a human it's kind of a rarity, most don't go as they think we're all fat neck furred virgins or sexual deviant's who only see humans as sex objects"
The irony so heavy it could replace the gravity in the room
"But- not me, haha, I'm totally not interested in THAT side of the fandom"
She's either a really good liar or she's blocked out her trying devour you're meat stick an hour ago
"Didn't you tell me you have one terabyte of "bred" porn"
"..... pretty, sure, I said one video Anon"
"No,no, you said ONE terabyte and then said something about pet play which by the way, had no idea what you were talking about"
"O-oh well, I er, wanted to try...it would just be easy to show you"
She shows you hundreds apon thousands of videos of anthro women getting plowed with muscular looking Humans with practically arm length penis sizes with the watermark "BRED" in the bottom left, you read some of these titles. "step sis devours human cock" "wife cheats on husband for big human cock" " Tiny dick fur boi gets humiliated by BHC"... "poor little fur boi part 7!?"then; there's just a simple image, not sexual, just a human with an anthro tenderly compassionately hugging under a star lit sky like lovers on valentine's day, maybe the lewd side of it really is just one side of it, maybe they do want to be loved by humans too.
"That's alot of porn Dimmi"
"For you"
"And anyway you were loving it downstairs you hypocrite" playfully punching your shoulder.
"I was just saying what you wanted to hear I've never been that close to sex before nor THAT type of role playing, hell, I've never even had a girl friend"
Why would you tell her something so personal? She practically a stranger and here you are watching porn and bantering with this girl.
"Me neither, it was just the rush of it all, I got carried away about how it would play out in my mind and how it is in the videos," Dimmi puts her knees up and folds her arms on them looking glum
"Well I'm also to blame, too Dimmi, I wanted it as much as you did, I just couldn't play it cool, I just tried to act like someone I'm not to impress you" things are starting to get heavy
"You know"
Dimmi puts one arm on the bed and the other on her raised knee facing vertical to you.
"I wouldn't say no if you wanted to try it again, I- I mean, if you really wanted too I guess"
"Yeah, you sure I mean we ARE in a hotel room.. alone," your now in the same pose as Dimmi now
"Um-hmm~" Dimmi leans in to kiss, you meet, head tilted, gently kiss, and both pull away.

You get off the bed and starts taking off your clothes, your down to your boxers when you remembers the role playing in the bathroom before, and tried again seeing if dimmi will go along with it hoping to be sexy this time.
"What~ what are you doing on the bed girl?"
Dimmi down to wearing only her knee high socks and glasses looks at anon puzzled
"W-what are  you talking-"
"Oh back talking eh, looks like this bad bitch needs to be taught a lesson"
You finally whip out your member as Dimmi catches on what anon is doing, grinning with excitement
"Oh no, master please~, I'll be your good bitch, does my master want me to clean his cock for him~" purposely delivering it like a bad actress. 
Dimmi crawls belly first to the end off the bed with snout wide open,
You purposely ignore it and place it on the top of her snout, Dimmi's eyes almost crossed looking at it.
"See this; this was made for you~, no stupid knots, no painful barbs, just smooth hot meat only made to pleasure you until my balls are dry" your really getting into his roleplaying.
"Oh yes~ please, I'm begging you, I need you big smooth human cock inside me!"
You slide your dick into her hot damp mouth while she bobs her head back and forth stareing deep into your eyes.
"Punish me with my mouth pussy with your human cock~" muffled Dimmi
The sensation to much, her hot sloppy tounge coiling around your manhood the warm and gentle sleeve of her mouth being too much you release into Dimmi's mouth, her slurping and gulping sounds send. any blood that may have left after climaxing straight back in .
"We're not done yet my little doggie fleshlight"
You flip her over and turn her around, you press her head down into the pillow and raise her rear end to your tip, your member rubbing her wet bottom lips, Dimmi is twitching and heavy panting into the pillow.
"Yes~ master! I need your human seed inside of me!~" she wags her tail fast enough to fly.
You start thrusting slowly then quickly picking up the pace using her waist as handel's.
"Yes~ go balls deep in my pussy, claim me as yours"
Without thinking, you grab the her snout to face it towards you and push down on her lower back forcing her to arch into the bed, and stick your tounge in her mouth you tounge wrestle, her tounge much longer reaches further into your mouth leaving saliva strands when you pull away.
"HMMM-MMMPF  Yes Anon! Make me your bitch!, Fuck me like the slutty animal I am! make me forget about anthro cock forever!"
Your ready to climax, you start thrusting with the little stamina you have left she can see on your face your ready to cum.

"Bred me master!~ let everyone know I was taken by a human! Give me your human seed~"
You can't hold it anymore you release deep inside Dimmi you tremble with pleasure as her vagina muscles clench you dick, her mouth open and tounge dangling out the side of her mouth, speechless and eyes rolling back into her head, you collapse of exhaustion and fall next to the side of Dimmi, as she arches her back down breathing deeply into the pillow bed until she gets her breath back and faces you.

 You've never felt this kind of pleasure and happiness before, was it her or was it the sex, but your blurt out what you wanted her to know with exhausted breath.
"I..love.. you"
She takes in another few more breaths and snuggles her head right into yours.
"And I love big human boys too" as she rubs her nose into yours.
"Wait, does she think I was still roleplaying or was that her answer" although you just had sex for the first time, and, yeah it was a great ego boost talking about how great humans are in bed, but, is that all she see's you as?, Just another human. Before you can think anymore about it Dimmi turns on the TV and gets comfortable smuggling closer, you both lie down and watch tv, some human anime about putting sunscreen and getting old... What the hell do these people see in us. she must have bought in one of the booths downstairs, not surprising that the attendance here probably are all fans of it. she puts her head on your chest a gives in quick but gentle kiss
"Thanks for that anon, you were amazing, it was even better then I expected, looks like somebody is never going back to knots, right Anon?".

It's not the same anymore when she says it, what was once kinky play in the bedroom makes you feel insignificant like she used you and she's had her fun and going to kick you out the door any minute. You wanna tell her but maybe it's all this hot air in the room or just making love to another girl for the first time.
She suddenly sits up and puts her paws over face her ears folded down.
"Oh god~, Anon, I'm sorry, I forgot it was you're first time, I was too being get caught up in acting out my STUPID fetish!." She sounds sincere but also sad about it, but you don't want to kill the mood,as you don't want your first time to be a bad memory.
"Pssh, are you kidding Dimmi!, That was the best thing that I've ever done in my entire Life!"
"Really Anon" she pulls her paws away from her eyes
"You made me feel like a sex god or something, all that talk about how much pleasure I was giving you, made me feel amazing"
The mood peps up again she leans her head to your shoulder
"Well, it wasn't all role playing Anon you centrally shown you can be a real "Alpha male" in the bedroom...master~" she gives you a boop of her nose on your cheek. Both feeling tired you both slowly close your eyelids and fall asleep in the embrace of each other.

When you wake up its night time, all the rooms lights are on, and you can hear a flushing noise from the bathroom, Dimmi comes out all dressed up with a glowstick on each arm and one round her neck she smiled when seeing your awake.
"Yay~! Your finally awake!" She quickly throws your clothes at you
"What, what's going on.." you sluggishly reply rubbing your eyes.
"Well, before I felt really bad making your...y'know, "first time" all about me me me, so I through I could take you to the rave tonight as a way of saying thank you" you put back on your jeans and shirt while Dimmi stands at the door impatietly.
"That sounds fun sure why not" you both head out the room, Dimmi locks arms with you as your walking there, does she like you in the same way? Or is it the "gentlemanly" thing she thinks you're supposed to do. The music gets louder in the centre and people are wearing rave attire. You go inside a hall. There's a actual human DJ there; Dj Pepper he's thankfully not playing shitty dubstep or EDM and is playing all the classic 90's Eurodance and trance, there's skin suiters doing all kinds of moves, some you could never achive in this lifetime, it must be like a walking volcano with that heat, you look around and see all these happy anthro's dancing, enjoying themselves, even that fat anthro with the food in his mouth from earlier is there dancing away care free. Dimmi drags you do the centre of the dance floor she's swinging her arms to the beat of Gouryella's Wallhalla, the lights flickering the fog machine going off, you couldn't deny it was pretty cool sight. She starts doing the robot and painfully trying to body pop. She has such a easy going way about her you can't help catch her infectious attitude but is this all there is, will she even see you after the con is over why can't this night last forever, all these thoughts go running through your mind when she starts grinding on you and gently twerking incase anyone can see. But you can't keep quiet and grab her shoulders while near the floor and stand her up.
"Dimmi, Dimmi, stop okay, stop."
She brushes her hair away from her eyes, not speaking, taken back by your tone.
"What is this, I mean, do you even like me!, What are we?"
Dimmi finally gets her words out
"Well, I thought we were just fooling around 'is all aren't we?"
That sentence pretty much confirming your doubts, feeling of cramp hits your stomach and you feel heavy your whole world falls silent, the music sounding reverbed and muffled.
"But... I thought you loved me Dimmi"
Her eyes widen, she can't get her words out, the music slows in tempo and melody only the vocals of the song are in the background as it feels times stopped all together.
"Oh, Anon, I thought... you wanted a one off thing, I didn't know you...had them kind of feelings for me"
"So you don't love me then, I thought maybe we were a couple or something" You stare straight into Dimmi's green eyes, your heart pounding waiting for the answer.
"Oh, oh my gosh, you really want to be with someone like me?" She doges the question but it sounded like a yes, but sounded like isn't good enough.
"Yes or no Dimmi, please I'm begging you"
"I..."
Suddenly the fast tempo music kicks back in lights going crazy, bass boosted to almost knock you off your feet and with perfect timing or in this case imperfect timing your friend slams your shoulder.
"Hey stranger! I've been looking for you all day!, Hey who's your friend She's cute"
Dimmi just looks at the two of you and your friend suddenly realises he's caught in a wierd tension between you two, but before anyone could talk the song stops and the DJ talk's into a microphone. 

"Hey kids, this is uncle Pepper hear, saying that that's all for tonight. Keep it cool skin dudes" the music dies down, everybody leaves. You tell your friend about where you were and what happened up untill now. "Score!, Very nice bro, but.. please don't talk about our "deformed" dicks to me again please, Remember how you're getting home.
You mad furboi?, God damnit Dimmi!  not me too.
But before you can realise Dimmi is gone and it's just you and your shitty timming friend all alone. You go back to you're original bed thinking if today was just a fluke, and you weren't ment to be happy with someone, maybe you just read too much into it, maybe it just ment more to you then it did to her, you don't have to kick someone out to show it's just a one night stand. She didn't say no, but she also didn't say yes you toss and turn until you fall asleep. You wake up mid day, must have messed up your sleep pattern cause of yesterday. You tell your friend your going to find Dimmi and to get an answer.

You check her door banging like a mad man.
It's slient.
You run around all over the place, it's the last day so everyone is packing up, there's only a few hours left in the day, the sun setting. You check outside of the convention. You spot her with her suitcase's, she must be waiting for a taxi to take her to the airport, you sprint as hard as you can to her almost falling down the stairs on the way and scream her name not caring how crazy you look.
"DIMMI!" 
she turns round embarrassed and surprised swiping her hair from her eyes playing with her phone. You finally catch up to her.
"Dimmi, I'm sorry, but I needed to see you again I just have to tell you something" You take a long pause ready for your last attempt at trying to talk about how you feel as it would haunt you for the rest of you life thinking what could have been.

Dimmi; I love you, at first it was fun when we were in your bed, but, I-I told you I loved you, and it hurt me... it hurt me so much, I didn't want to go on without knowing that I didn't mean anything to you, or maybe you wanted something from this just as much as I do. Please Dimmi, please just tell me...yes or no".
She looks all over the place her face  wincing Looking like she's trying not to cry.
"Anon I didn't know this was how you felt, I-I thought it was just bedroom talk when you said that! and then I didn't see you all day so I thought you never wanted to see me again, b-but why would you want to be with me?, I only ended up in bed with you because of a fantasy of mine, I never once considered what YOU might be feeling"
Dimmi on the verge of tears as the bottom of her glasses are getting damp and have tiny droplets of water on them, as she fiddels with her phone too ashamed to look at you anymore you snatch it from her paws and tap around untill you find what your looking for.
"Well what about this fantasy!" You show her the picture of the two lovers hugging under the stars. She looks at the image and gets a lump in her throat, she can't hold the tears back anymore.
"Oh, god,Y-yes Anon, I love you!, I love you so much!" You hold her tight and kiss her cheek, she sobs into your shoulder, she finally gets her composure, you wipe away her tears, the settings sun shining over the convention center windows, a beautiful blue and orange tinted sky above you, she lifts her head up smilling, both of you are one, "you know...I don't think I love Humans anymore" your baffled at that out of field statement, but before it can sink in, she wraps her arms around you neck and leans into your lips. "I only love you" she kisses you softly on the lips and hold for a moment and you both pull away holding hands, "Now we're dating I was thinking trying a kink of my own" you whisper into Dimmi's soft fluffy ear
"Oh yeah, and what that might be~" she whispers back, you lean in closer into her ear almost putting her inner ear in your mouth. You finally tell her your most depraved, disgusting kink, you have a wry smile waiting to tell her  your sick desire;Hand holding.

The End.