Another day at crappy school dealing with bullies and horrible lessons, will Anon's luck ever come around, I think he needs help from a special friend.

>oh geez I hate school I wish I was beta enough to shoot it up.
Suddenly a cheap Windows movie maker effect appears in front of Anon.
"Helllooooooo​ Anon~"
">oh jeez a lion am I going to die?"
"Eventually Anon!, But Don't worry Anon! I'm cool cat!, and I'm going to help you out with your problem!."
">o-okay I guess."
Now those bullies? Do they call you names like, baby dick, Ass face?
">Yeah."
" An Ass faggit, knob goblin."
">Y-Yeah, it doesn't help you keep re-"
"A dickless, hand-holdless, hugless-"
">YEAH I THINK I GET IT! geez"
"Well don't worry! Cool cat always helps her friends!.
Those bullies called you ass face?, Well, why don't I put MY ass on YOUR face!."
The lioness grabs anon by the shoulders
">H-hey stop pushing me onto the floor!, I don't think this is such a good ide-mpph!."

Anon's face is surrounded by a big juicy ass on his face the hot warmth emanating from her bottom lips, Anon's tounge licks and lubes her entrance. 
Mmmh~ yeah, that's it Anon!, You like cool cats thick ass in your face; Remember, you gotta eat the booty like the groceries!."
Cool-Cat looks at all the bystanders and spots the bullies in the crowd.
"Yeah! that's right bullies! no girl will ever let you do this with her! His tounge is amazing in my pussy." Even though Anon was in public he couldn't resist the aching bludge leaking pre onto his trousers.

Cool-Cat see's Anon's hard cock.
"Wow! you're getting really hard anon! I can see the pre-cum already!" 
>Roh Reez rerum in rubric! Mwah! Anon pull's his head away from her musky lips to speak.
">Can I please jerk myself off now pl-mph"
"Nonsense! You get back in there! Cool cat always helps her friends and there balls! Let me just use my feet to get out your...aha! There we go!."
She uses the paws of her feet and rubs Anon cock gently, she continues and cups Anon's cock and moves them up and down.
"My furry paws feel nice sandwiched massaging your cock Anon!."
The tingling of her feet and warmth wrapped around his member felt amazing to Anon and he lets out a pleasured groan.
">ohhhhh~"
Cool Cat notices the bullies whisper among themselves, she gives a wry smile at the thought of teasing them.
"Yeah, that's right bullies! I know you wanna jerk your little baby dicks you-you Frickin Fricks!."

She continues to grind her hips on Anon's face, his tounge reaching deep inside her entrance. She can see Anon is ready to burst.
"Sorry for the language Anon!, Sometimes I get so mad I could burst!, Speaking of which Let me give you my special friend licks on your cock."
She licks your shaft with a smooth tounge, her wide tounge lapped at his shaft and balls, her cold salvia running down his cock with every lick.
>Y-Your tounge...I-Im going to-".
"That's ok!, shoot your friend juice in my mouth~"
Anon's seed builds and rises until finally spurting his seed with a euphoric satisfaction.
>Aaah~...oh geez... that was amazing.

That's ok Anon! Cool cat always helps her friends Remember; women will have sex with you if you're overtly polite and very spineless, goodbye Anon~".
And just like that she fades away behind a cheap effect flying into the sky.

>See you cool cat, you're gonna carry that weight...