Anon-san’s Escort
Part The First

It was supposed to be a simple assignment. I was just another I.T. guy at Sony Interactive’s American Branch. It had only been a year since I joined on at the San Jose building, but already I had garnered a reputation as a top shelf debug monkey; if you had a problem, and a keyboard could solve it, all you had to do was call my name, and I’d appear from my luxurious broom closet office to hit ctrl alt delete or whatever the fuck. I’d always had a penchant for programming, however, and when one of my bosses caught me working (one handed) late at night on a prototype for a character action game, all of a sudden I was in high demand. Word got out, and before I knew it, I was to be flow, first class, straight off to Tokyo to pitch my prototype directly to the top brass. 

As you can imagine, I was so damn excited that I barely slept a wink of the red eye over. This could be my big break, and I had completely stumbled into it! Worst case scenario, I’d flop at the pitch and get to stick around Japan on a company expense account for the summer. It was a win-win, far as I could see. Hell, if I was lucky, I might even meet some of those elusive kemono I kept hearing about at the office. Supposedly, there had been a recent incursion from Japan’s “spirit world” that spat out all kinds of furries, including kitsune and the like. Freaking sweet. I hoped they’d be a little less aggressive than the coyote girls that liked to hang around the San Mateo office. Those canine chicks tended to be a bit too intense for my taste. 

So, after barely sleeping and drinking a bit too liberally on the plane, I set down in 	Haneda International, and after shambling out of my seat, I came down the walkway to meet with my escort. Yawning and rubbing my eyes, I scanned the crowd for a sign with my name on it. And I found it, and Her. 

She proved to me that either there is a God and he’s also a God of all Bros, or my luck stat was maxed at birth and just didn’t know until now. She was a fox girl, like I’d hoped, but she was nothing like I’d dreamed. She was about to seven feet tall, slightly taller than my own 5’9’’, and covered in a coat of fur that was so black it seemed to pull in all the light around her. Her eyes were bright blue, shining like a two glaciers in the sun. The locks on her head were long and poofy, tied up in a ponytail, and her bushy tail swished like a sail behind her. She was wearing a smart lady suit, but due to her proportions, was unable to button up her undershirt. Oh, right. Her size. This woman was big in the best way possible. She looked like she was hiding two bowling balls in her shirt, to say nothing of her prodigious tummy which subtly threatened to pop open the front of her suit. Her hips were nothing short of monumental, with thighs that looked like they could suffocate a bear. Damn it all, but I do love a big, fine woman. 

“Are you Anon?” She asked me, wiggling her sign cautiously. Her bountiful chest jiggled slightly, as if to punctuate her question.

I flashed what I hoped was a reassuring smile. “That I am. I take it that you’re my chaperone, Naoko?”

 She blushed and dipped her head. “I apologize sir. My name is Shiori. Naoko fell ill the other day, so I have been sent to guide you, and to provide translation for the duration of your trip.” Her formal language and inflections betrayed her discomfort with the English language. 

Or was it discomfort at the situation? I’d hoped she wasn’t feeling inadequate because she was the second choice. Poor thing. I thought to myself, putting a hand on my chin in contemplation. I didn’t notice for a few seconds that Shiori was staring at me, expectantly. 

“Sir?” she asked, her icy blue eyes scanning my face for any sign of, well, consciousness. 
“O-oh, right!” I stammered, blushing myself. I bowed low, hopefully hiding my reddening face. “It is an honor to be here, and an honor to meet you as well, Shiori.” I stood up straight, recovering and placing a gentle hand on her shoulder. “I’m sure that with you around, this trip with be nothing short of perfect.” 

I heard a couple of gasps around me, and noticed Shiori’s pupils dilating a split second before she took a quick step back, dislodging my hand. Shiori’s face flushed once again, and she began staring at the ground, pawing at the sign with my name on it. She seemed at a loss for words. 

“I-I hope that you enjoy yourself, sir, and that y-y-your dealings with Sony Japan are successful.” She was quivering a bit, her fur bristling. 

Shit. Shit, shit shit, did I already fuck this up!? I could suddenly hear hushed Japanese voices all around me, likely gossiping about my faux pas. Shit, she dropped the sign. Was touching not allowed at the first meeting or something? Was I being inappropriate? Shit. God damn it! “I’m sorry if I rattled you there, Shiori.” Fucking shit, just recover before it’s too late. “I’m clearly not used to the way things work around here. Please, don’t take this uncoordinated gaijin for a fool.” Fuck! “I hope we can get along well during my stay here.” I bowed low all over again, and Shiori did the same, looking equally as flustered. 

I rose before she did, and noticed something peculiar. Her tail was wagging. It was wagging furiously, like a metronome in an earthquake. “Uh…Shirori?”  I said.

Her big, fluffy ears twitched as she stood back up to full height. “Hmm?” She tilted her head. 

“Are you all right?” I asked, scratching the back of my head.

 She seemed to startle at that, and immediately grabbed her tail, smoothing it out with her paws. “Oh, y-yes, I’m fine Sir. Thank you.” A small smile shown on her face then. I thought that my heart was going to stop. 

“It’s Anon, Shiori. Call me anon.” I began to make my way toward the baggage claim. Shiori seemed frozen there for a second, then hurriedly scurried to catch up to me before we were walking in lockstep, her high heels clacking on the tiled floor. 

We stopped to step onto the elevator, and on the way down, I stole a glance at her. She was still blushing, still smiling, and her tail was still wagging. Her eyes flitted over to me, perhaps not for the first time, jumped back, then went back to me again. She smiled at me, and bumped me with her hip, nearly knocking me off my feet. Her tail lashed out to catch and steady me at my back, pulling us together for a moment. “Th-that was very bold, Anon-san.” She muttered.

I raised an eyebrow. “Yeah, sorry. I’m still new to the customs around here. I didn’t know touching was bad.” 

Her paw touched me gently on the arm. “That’s…Th-That’s not it. The touch was a bit strange, but understandable. What was bold was looking me over like that, w-with eyes like a wolf. I thought you were going to eat me!” She was staring at the ground now, beet red and still smiling that little smile. I in turn struggled to keep a straight face.

As we stepped off of the elevator, we struggled to get through the door; my wide shoulders and her delectable girth proving a real hindrance. For one heavenly second, I felt it all; her exquisite softness; the plush, inviting give of her furry flesh, the perkiness of her breasts, and the subtle scent of Japanese plum in her perfume. It was bliss. 

Once she managed to squeeze past me, she stopped and murmured something under her breath in Japanese. I may not have been fluent, but I could understand the gist after years upon years of pouring through badly translated roms. She spoke in an adorable and hushed tone; “But I…kind of liked it.” As I pulled my bags from the carousel, a devilish grin spread across my face. This was going to be one hell of a business trip, after all.