So I'm gonna have to keep this short and a little loose because the power is out and my phone battery is draining fast.
I saw a U.F.O.
I don't mean I saw something in the sky and couldn't tell what it was. I could see it fucking clear and it was a flying God damn saucer.
I live in an area that was just hit by a hurricane. It was only a catagory two, but it moved so damn slow that it did the damage of a cat three. Right before the storm hit my aunt Lex, who I used to live with before I moved out for college, asked if I wanted to stay at her house while she's out of town to wait out the storm and house sit for her. Givin the options to stay in my shitty little apartment and most likely be without power for a few days, of hang out at my Aunts play where she has a generator and a full kitchen, I took the smart choice.
So I get to her place and start to unpack me shit. Laptop, game system, cloths, basically anything I didn’t want to have to replace if the worst happened and a tree flew through my window.
My Aunt always kept a clean house, aside from her own room, so I didn't have to do much except pick up after myself and just hang out.
It was pretty sweet being able to sleep in my old room again. I can't believe she didn't throw out any of the shit I left behind, even has the old WWF Wrestling blanket laying across the bed. Though she always said she was ready for me to come home after college so it isn't to surprising.
Anyways, So I just sort of sat around for the first two days until the storm finally hit. I was asleep at the time, until a bunch of small limbs and pinecones started to pelt the roof and woke me up around 3 A.M. I got up and looked out the bedroom window to see trees swaying to and fro while the rain came down in sheets.
I sat in my dark room and watched the storm for a little while, the occasional stick hitting the roof and a couple loud claps of thunder made it hard to sleep, but after a while I started to hear a wierd humming sound. It was low and hard to hear through the storm, but after a few moments, I was sure I was hearing something.
I stood and started for the bedroom door.
My bedroom is at the top of a starcase with two windows across from the upstairs balcony that overlooked the front yard.
From my door, I could see fain beams light moving around and my first though was, It's a search helicopter. My Aunt lives out in the woods about an hour or so from the edge of town. It sorta rare for someone to get lost in the woods, but it does happen and rescue choppers are sent out. But there was no way they would fly in a storm.
Confused, I slowely headed downstairs and walked to the front door. I flipped the switch to turn the poarch light on but nothing hqppened. There are two switches, One for the porch lights and one beside it for the foyer light. I flicked the foyer light and nothing happened again. Turning to my left, I stepped into the living room and flipped the switch, but nothing came on. The power was out.
"Shit." I muttered out loud and walked back to the door. Gripping the handle, I started to open the door. As I did, the strong wind forced it out of my grip and threw it open to slam against the staircase. "Fuck." I shouted and held up my hand to shield my eyes from the rain blowing through the doorway. Forgetting the door for the moment, I could hear the humming much clearer and stepped out onto the porch. Not to far past the road that marked the edge of the property, half a dozen bright blue spotlights moved across the treetops, shining clear through the dense rainfall. I followed the beams up to their source and froze at what I saw. A large,, metal, disc shaped object was hovering high above the trees. The lights came from different points around its underside and from what I could tell, it was getting closer.
I know that I should have ran and grabbed my phone to get a picture, but I wasn't exactly thinking clearly at the time.
I had never believed in that Roswell conspiracy bullshit. But now, now I believe.
A particular loud clap of thunder snapped me out of whatever trance I was in. I had apparently been standing there for a few minutes because I was soaked and the lights had made it to the edge of the yard.
I darted inside and closed the door, almost slipping on the puddle in the foyer and looked around panicking. The front yard was fairly big, but it wouldn't take the lights long to reach the house. I ran over to the phone that sat on the wall above the kitchen bar. I picked it up and started to dial, but then remembered, "Shit, no power." I dropped it and ran to the stairs, but as I only got half way as a bright blue light shone through the above window.
I froze for a moment, the loud hum of the craft reverberating through the house. I quickly snapped out of it this time and ran up to my bedroom. My phone sat on the bedside table where I had left it charging so I picked it up to call, well I'm not really sure. I guess I would have tried the cops, but I didn't get the chance seeing as how my phone screen looked like it was having a spasm. It was opening and closing apps faster than I thought possible. It would open a notepad app, several strings of letters and characters would appear, then close out for another app to open.
I was justifiably freaking the fuck out. I didn't know what to do, couldn't call anyone for help. Aunt Lex didn't own a gun so that was out. I could grab something from the kitchen, but what good would a steak knife do against lazer guns and anal probes. Jack shit is what.
But I decided that anything was better than nothing so I quickly ran downstairs as the house began to shake and the hum felt like it was worming it's way into my head.
The kitchen is only a few quick strides from the stairs so it only took a few seconds before I stood in the kitchen with a big kitchen knife in each hand.
The light was pouring through every window and I had placed a few more sharp objects onto the counter beside me in case I needed to star throwing shit.
For what seemed like forever, I waited and waited, waited, but nothing ever happened.
After several long seconds, I slowely moved over to the kitchen window and chanced a quick look up to see that the U.F.O. had started to move again. I was nervous and excited at the same time. Were they going to leave me alone, were they more interested in something else? I couldn't fathom their reasons for being here so I just watched it slowely move away and head toward the trees behind the house.
The blue lights were once again moving about and I started to think that they were searching for something.
Any further theorizing was cut off as a bright flash and a loud boom made me cover my eyes. I had to blink away spots to see again, and when I did, the lights of the craft were flickering on and off as it wobbled in the air. I could see a fire along the edge of the disc and it quickly began to move out of sight. Craining my neck, I tried to keep sight of it. But it dissapeared behind the trees.
Not thinking, I ran around the bar and out the back door to the patio and once again stood in the rain searching the sky.
I was worried that I had completely lost it before I say flashing lights rising a little farther in the distance. I watched as the lights climbed higher and higher, but another bolt of lightning halted its ascension and I watched an orange ball falling to the ground.
My breath caught in my throat as I stood in the strong winds and rain. Was that it? Is it going to crash?
Just before the craft dissapeared behind the trees again, I saw a blue point of light falling away from the orange. It shone bright through the rain and seemed to be growing brighter, but both soon vanished from view.
I went back inside after a few moments and just sat at the dinning room table by the back door. I couldn't belive what I had seen. Should I call someone? Who the fuck could I call? I looked at my phone to see that it was wet but the screen was fine.
Maybe I should call Aunt Lex? If I call the cops, they might just think it's a joke. And even if they did belive me, there's a fucking hurricane going on outside.
That thought brought be to my soaking hair and clothes. The chair I was sitting on was drinched so I got up and went to the upstair bathroom to dry off and change.
I spent the rest of the night sitting in the dark living room, questioning whether I had lost my fucking mind or if I had seen what I thought I saw.

Morning came and I woke from where I had fallen asleep on the couch. It was about tenish and the storm was still going, though not as hard.
I looked out the front facing livingroom windows to see that a tree had fallen on a power line across the street. "Fuck, not gonna have power for a bit." I said to myself and walked out to the garage to check the generator. I couldn't start it until the storm was over and I could open the side door to keep carbon monoxide from building up. But it had enough gas and Aunt Lex had filled up some extra gas cans.
I waited everything out until about five that night when the hard rain became a drizzle. Aunt Lex called and i told her about everything. Everything but the U.F.O. that is. Still debating on that. She told me that it would take about a week or two before she could get back. The publisher ran into some issues but she didn't mention what they were. I told her it was no worry and have been spending the last three two days sitting in the house, trying to decide if calling the cops about what i saw would be a good idea.
I crank the generator for only a couple hours each day. I'm no stranger to going without A/C for a bit and the water is still working so I just need to keep the fridge cool and the food inside from spoiling. I have been learning to make some new recipes on a coal grill though.
I decided to type this out and post it because I have no idea who else I should be telling. I'm nervouse about calling the cops and I don't want to worry my Aunt making her think I've lost my mind. The guy from the power company that surveyed the broken power line said that thousands of poles were either knocked over or broken throughout the county and miles upon miles of cables need to be restrung before we can hope to get power back outhere so i'm trying to conserve power wherever I can.
I'll try to post again in a couple days if anything else happens. But if anyone has any suggestions as to what to do about my E.T. issue, I'm all ears.