Night at the fairgrounds. This is my first green (M-human, F-flying fox bat. Sad)

>Be Anon.
>5ft 11inches tall, shaggy hair, and a face you just want to punch.
>Just got a job at a local fair for a food vendor.
>The menu conist of mostly fried food, hamburgers,hot dogs,pop corn,or pizza.
>The pizza was good enough to have for lunch, But the other food just taste like garbage to you.
>Fair food was not the same since people made them edible for anthros.
>Did you mention their was anthros?
>well they made animals more "human" with some sort of new gene they created that made them walk on two legs and have thumbs.
>To you it seemed almost wierd, almost alien to you.
>You didn't "hate" them but you know you just didn't like to be around them.
>They seemed almost like robots from that pizzarea you visted maybe once or twice as a kid.
>Well a year later they made it so where anthro's were now a part of society.
>While just talking to yourself a couple of antrho's comes and walks to window.
>One of the anthro is a bear and the other is a flying fox
>The bear looked like a northern black bear but with purple colored hair? around her head. A retro controller for the old NES shirt and ripped jeans that looked that they were about to burst just from the looks of it.
>The bat had brown type fur with a black face to go with it >But she had sort of highlights of red into her hair that >Really went well with her look for a anthro, she had a Porter Robinson shirt on her (you liked that artist) and a pair of baggy sweat pants. her tits were the size of A cups. But by the size of her she looked about to be a soon to be adult bat. by guessing you would think she is 5ft 3inches.
>The bear speaks first. "can i get a..umm...fried dough with a hot dog and the topping if you have any fish bits and a Dr. pepper."
>You say "coming right up...and what would you like miss?" trying to be polite you smile at the bat.
>She looked like she was just staring into space at the menu... it almost seemed like she was fixed on two items but couldnt decide on which but i could see she was looking at a fruit smoothie with mixes of strawberry, bannana,mango, and grapes.
>"Miss?" you ask again. but her friend speaks to her and shakes her "Wake up honey this isnt the time to be spacing out on me"
>Just as you were about to go into the truck and get the anthro's food the bat screeches and then goes on rambling to her friend about I guess food from the tropics? You don't know after hearing that screech you felt like you were deft.
>The bat turns to me and points to the item labeled. "Tropical Summer". "Can i have this?"she asks, you say to her " sure coming right up."
>You go to the back to get the food for both the anthro's while also checking to see if you can still hear.
>By the time the bears food is done, the bats fruit smoothie will take a while longer since the blender is a piece of shit knockoff.
>you hand the bear her food.
>The bear turns to the bat and says "Hey im gonna goto the car and chill their I will meet you at the car okay?" the bat nods with her tongue sticking out a bit.
>5 minutes goes by since the bear left.
>The fruit smoothie is just about done.
>She is basicly a bouncing rubber ball right now about how happy she is to see her smoothie had finished. You give her the smoothie. "Thank you anon..." as soon as your name left her mouth she covered her mouth and just stood still.
>How the hell would she have known your name you just worked for a day and you have never seen this anthro before.
>Just when you about to ask how she knew who you were she ran away to the parking lot only to trip and fall on the gravel luckily the smoothie didn't do too much damage and spill all over.
>you rush to her and try to help her up from the ground.
>She had a few scrapes and cuts on her wing and arms. "follow me, so I can get the aid kit." all she could say was "okay.." with a sniffle.
>As you bring her towards the truck, she gets hesitent about going with you.
>As you start to notice about her being fidgety with you that you stop and ask "hey whats the matter? we gotta goto the truck to clean those cuts."
>"It's just that...why are you being so nice to me, Even though you don't know who I am..." she said in a quiet but soft tone in her voice.
>You reply with a sigh "Because for two reasons... one being I want to know how you know my name and two it's because it is not nice to leave a beautiful one like yourself on the ground in dirt and cuts."
>You think to yourself "God why did i say beautiful to her? Now she is going to get the wrong impression on you... but to be fair she is kinda cute...in the sense of she being a bat..."
>She replied much faster than before and with a happier tone "Thank you for the compliment... I will tell you how I've met you before once we in the truck".
>She once again screeches for no reason into your ear.
>"ah their is the truck, I couldn't see it before" she says with a huff.
>Shit you forgot that bats need sound to 'see' in a sort of way...you think the word was...ecolocation? yea that's the word.
>Finally you reach the truck. Both of you head inside and into the front of the truck. By this time 9:32PM one more hour before the fair closes for the night.
    >You grab the first aid kit and some rags from the bathroom and sit next to the bat.
    >You take some of the cloth and gently rub over the cuts to wipe the blood off of the cuts and the scrapes of her delicate...earthy...dirt colored wings.
    >She winces when ever you put pressure around the cuts and scrapes.
    >"This might sting a little.." you say before taking a cotton ball and pour some hydrogen peroxide over the ball.
    >You very softly and carefully put pressure on the cuts and scrapes with the cottenball and glide over the skin of the wing with it. She winces in slight pain over the hydrogen peroxide cotton ball across her open cuts.
    >You start to ask "So...how do you know who I am?" while putting bandages over her cuts.
    >She sighs softly "well I've been watching you for a long time as long as you were a pre-teen..." You think "GET OUT OF HERE STALKER!" but didnt want to be autisic about it and kept your mouth shut.
    >"Before their were anthro's in the world their were just animals, Where the anthros came from was a differnt story than what everyone believes it to be." she says while looking at you.
    >"The real story is told by the scientist taking a strange liquid that I think was green and just stabbing into the veins of differn't animals and then making them anthropromophic like I am right now...the process was very painful to say thr least..."
    >You interupt her for a moment. "but this dosen't tell me how you knew me." the bat repiles. "Yes, i was getting to that point now."
    >"I knew you because when I was still feral i would come by you're old house and eat the fruit from the apple trees and peach trees, As I ate the fruit i watched you from afar. I watched you play, I watched you cry, I watched you be happy too. I heard your name from afar and just learned by it.
    >"Okay now I know how you know me but who are you?" you ask while getting up and putting the aid kit away.
    >"Oh! I am sorry my name is Sue Bunyip." she says while holding her paw out.
    >you shake her paw.
>"Hey can I ask you something?&quot; You say with a huff.
>"sure you can." She says with a smile.
>"Why is it that you screech every now and again?" You say puzzled.
>"Well you see...when I took the tranformation to turn myself into a anthro some side effects was permanent loss of vison" She says while trying to feel around her for her smoothie. Insted she grabs your hand by mistake.
>"O-oh I'm sorry I didn't mean to do that." She says shyly
>"You see us fruit bats have incredible vision and smell but since that transformtion my senses are just watered down heavliy."
>She started to get up and wobble towards the counter and just 'look' out into the night and just stare.
>"I like to think to myself and say 'sue you put a wonderful fight to become this way, why let bad eyes ruin fun for you or anyone' and that what motivates me into keep going on in life." She says with a warm heart felt smile that could just melt ice on a cold tuesday morning.
>As you were abput to say something turns around and looks left of you.
>"But now that anthro's roam the world their is starting to be segragation towards anthro's and anthro supports." She says now looking down at the floor with a sad look on her face.
>You get up out of your seat as fast as a fat kid running for a snack as if it were the last food he will ever have.
>You hug her tightly not letting go.
>"W-W-What are you doing?!" She says very fast and softly.
>For some odd reason you feel like she is a child left alone at a orphanage who just found out that they will never see mommy or daddy again.
>You felt like see was sad inside but did not want to express it.
>It reminded a lot of yourself, Sad, lonely, scared, and even...unhappy to be alive.

>"Ummm...Anon what are you doing?" The small bat asked in a concerned soft voice.
>You let go of her and sheepishly go back to the chair. "I'm not sure why I did that to be honest (you knew why) it just felt like you needed a hug..." you say trailing off while looking at the floor twidling your fingers.
>"Oh okay." She said with a look on her face that looked even sadder than before.
>You stand up and with a clenched fist you ask "Hey... Sue we got a half hour before the fair closes up do you want to hang with me until the fair closes?" Being scared that she might say no you try to perpare yourself for the anwser.
>"I would love to go with you Anon, But I gotta tell my friend that I am going to stay for a little longer." She say with a very happy tone and a few clicks.


>The cool breeze in the air of mid autum is nice to feel while out the the stingy, humid and hot truck. Now that you have finished you're shift from that now you can calm down abd enjoy the remaining rides with someone. Someone who was the bat girl you just fully met only 20 minutes ago.
>The bat while at of the truck her fur looked damp and frizzy from the humid air in the truck then stepping out of the cool brisk air outside. Her fur looked like a very muddy brown but having a coloration of deep dark orange mixed with it to look like, it reminded you of when you made slime with your parents and the batch looked like it went through a war with itself.
>"What should we ride first Anon?" She said gleefully "I never really went to a event with a boy before I really hope this is just as fun as with my friends." 
>The fairgrounds wasnt all that special to you since you been working throughout the week. It was your standered fair expect it was halloween themed. Pumpkins everywhere, crates of hay,haunted hay rides, spooky themed rides,haunted houses the usual stuff. Upstate from here is a place called six flags every year they would also have a halloween themed stuff but it is more on the 'CHECK OUT MY AWESOME STUNTS I AM A AMUSMENT PARK.' That sort of deal where everything is expensive the rides can do better the costumes were nice.
>But when at a local fairground everything is better the food, the rides, the entertainment.
>"Come on lets go already i wanna go ride in the flying UFO!" The impaitent fox says while tugging your arms.
>Humans and Anthros being seen together were both a odditity and deemed wrong upon other people.

>As she was pulling your arm her fingers felt smooth but boney like a leather glove filled with a plastic mold in it. Now that you are behind her you see her ass is a little more plump than you saw from the front. Trying to not stare long you try to find out if there is a ticket booth nearby, vendors age 20 and under get in rides free at the end of the day but for their guest they still had to pay.
>"Sue...wait we need to get you tickets." You say trying to stop her but insted when you tug on her arm she is much lighter than you first thought and falls into you. Catching her from falling it looks like you both were about to kiss. Onlookers gave you an evil eye and questionable looks at the sight, Some looked as if they were about to kill you for it.
>You looked into the eyes of the furry bat that her eyes gleamed shiny hue of orange like of a cat relefctive lens in their eyes but that only last momments before her eyes return. Her boobs are pressed against your chest. Yep they are defenintly A cups her flat chest pressing ever so lightly.
>Her ears twitch franticly and she now notice on what is going on. "O-oh im sorry! I didn't mean for this i got too exicted about this and got carried away." She said whispering.
>God she is cute. "That is alright I sort of got you this way. Besides it is no big deal." You say giving her some space.

>You and sue were both walking down the fairground walkway passing by stands that that starting to pack up.The onlookers have just keep staring at the both of you like thet were a bunch of angry bees that a bear is stealing their honey.
>You start to see the UFO ride in the distance from where you were slowly walking towards it, the bat on the other hand looks like she is about to explode with joy.
>Luckliy one of the ticket booths is nearby so that means that we don't have to walk far.
>As you were approuching the ticket booth a bunch of teens that you remember from school start to approch both of you. The bat not really noticing them as they came up.
>"If it isnt the old schools punching bag." The tallest one says rudely. There was 5 of them togther the tallest one was named austin the leader, the short fat one is named nathen who you knew was heavly autistic, the one with a mullet style hair was named james who had dad issues, another kid who was buffed as fuck was named mason who just wanted to kick anyones ass for no reason. The last one was a anthro rino he had a leather jacket with spikes on the shoulders, he was the newest of the crew.
>"And who is this baggie?" Mason says looking at sue who was just shyly standing behind you.
>"None of your god damn bussiness now leave us alone." You say with a angered tone. The look on your face showed anger and just wanted this to be over.
>"Yea? Well what are you going to make us do then to leave pussy." Says austin with a mocking tone.
>You grab sue's boney hand and start to walk to the other direction."Come on sue let us just go away from these assholes they are just gonna waste our time." You say to sue. 
>As soon as you turn the other way mason turned you around and punched you straight jaw, followed by austin punching you in the gut.
>"Go guyths beath his shit upth" said nathen with his autistic voice encouraging them as they beat you senseless.
>Sue looks in horror as she is witnessing you on the ground getting pounded by the gang.
>You just keep your head down and try to block them from getting your face. This has happened before in the past so you just took it like any other time.

-----------be Sue-------
>You are watching in horror as your friend is getting beaten up by the gang.
>All you could really do is stare and watch as they beat anon.
>By now a crowd as formed around the fight. Taking pictures and videos of what is happening no one doing anything. And others cheering on the gang for beating someone who was with a anthro. You...
>You start to search in your pockets and found what you are looking for. Your father gave it to you since you are not all that strong.
>You take it out of your pocket and flip it to the sharp side.
>You run towards the guy with the muscles and jab the tiny 2 inch blade into the guys foot.
>The teen screamed in agony as you did it.
>The other gangmates look at their friend in horror as they see blood pouring out of the teens foot.
>You grab anon and pick him up on his feet and you both start running away from spot and the fairground.

------Be anon------

>You awaken to a stir. Your back is hurting you, you have a massive migrain, you can't feel your nose, you smell and taste blood.
>you try to get up but is restrained by something.
>You look towards your sides and see that both of your arms are strapped in on a bed. You look around and see a white room with only thing with color is a neon color vase with a single rose in the vase.
>You feel a sense of overwhelming dread and guilt wash over you like a wave. "Hello? Is anyone there?" You call out but to no avail nothing calls back. As you look around the room you see shapes start to form around the room. The shape you saw the largest was two shadows loomimg over something that you could not see clearly.
>Other shapes start to form next to you it looked like the size of a child but had long fingers and a weapon of some sort next to it.
>You start to hear faint carnival music. Then everything in the room just goes back to a normal white color but you notice something the rose in the vase looked like it had wilted a bit and a few of its petals fallen on the white table.
>You look around and see a face staring at you inches away from your face. You stare motionless from the face as the face started grinning.
>It spoke in a femimine voice. "Hiya! I havent seen you for a long time anon! Not after what they gave you." The face leaned away from your face it gave you what she looked liked.
>She was a anthro ,tall, had black and white hair, was a dog, and was wearing a faded pink collar.
>You stare at her strangly and confused. You ask start to ask her "who are you? Where am I?" Panicly said.
>"You will know later my best friend... oh it looks like your time is up , see ya later!" She said while flipping a switch.


>You awoke jerked upwards as now the pain is setting into your body. The pain felt like you were branded with a iron casting rod from that of a farmer in your left thigh. Your hand felt like it had broken in many places and could not feel half your fingers. Your head felt like it was slammed over and over again with a hammer and then hit a by a brick. The pain was unbearable to say the least.
>You try to opening your eyes but your left eye seems to be swollen shut. At least with your right eye you can see but not too much. 
>Even now with able to open the eyes the vison is very blurry.
>You feel your body shake and jolt you to be able to stay awake.
>All you could do is groan in pain as your body is shaken.
>You can hear someone saying something but you couldn’t tell what they were saying. All you heard was a ringing sound in your ears.
>Your eye felt like there was sandbags closing them. You felt tired.
>As you were closing your eyes, more things started to settling in you.
>It felt as if your whole body went numb and the pain is subsiding away from you. It felt nice.
>As one final look before your eyes fell down and you being drifted off to the realm of Nox. You feel a warm feeling on your right arm.
>With that feeling now on your right arm that did the trick for falling right in the realm of Nox.


>You are awoken by the sound of crying. You slowly open your eyes only to have the left eye obstructed by something. With your right eye still being able to see, you look over to where you heard the crying come from.
>You see a large polished oak wooden color blob hunched over your arm. As you try to move your arm away from the blob, it seems that it only holds tighter on it. The feeling was like that of a snake coiling around you for heat during the winter time on a cold crisp night.
>Instead of trying to move your arm you next you talk. Well at least try your best of it.
>”W-whath going onth” you say with a lisp very noticeable even to your ears. You hear the crying abruptly stop, then you hear a gasp and then someone yelling for something. You couldn’t make out what the exact words were but you could at least make out the sounding for nurse. Hearing the voice call out sounded familiar.
>You feel as if a large weight is pressed hard on your chest and then feeling of pain sky rocketed from your chest to your neck.
>All you could let out was a wheeze and a groan while the blob clinged onto you.
>Suddenly a large popping sound rang out throughout your ear like the feeling of when you are high in the air on a airplane and then the pressure going in to your ear as you land to a new place.
>You can hear clearly now that your ears popped. You hear a beeping sound, crying, a lot of footsteps, pencils writing something on a surface, old CRT TV electric sound you heard only in waiting rooms and offices, and people chattering along to each other about how “He has awoken even though it was this late when it was predicted sooner.” And how about “Someone call the police they need to talk about what happened with him.” And a deep male voice that stood out than the rest “You are lucky, they were going to pull the plug today.” And then you stopped hearing that males voice as the other voices then start to come back to you.


>You try to piece together what is going on right now but the splitting headache that started to settle into you hurt just as bad as your body. The feeling of people crowding you writing something saying god knows what on what is their only confuses you why you are here in the first place.
>Your vision starts to clear up. You see a big hazel nut cinnamon colored fur smother you in a big warm fur hug and right into two mounds of softness that can only be described as very comforting and warm.
>The bat just doesn’t seem like she is letting go anytime soon. You gently move your right arm to the back of the bat and very softly pat her back. All she did was hold tighter and cry a little harder by you doing this. As of right now the air in your lungs seem to be running out and getting harder to breath.
>You gently push away this time from the bat. This time it seems she got the idea.
>You look at her with a faint smile. She looked as if she never changed out of that outfit she wore last night. Only thing she looked off putting was her fur was sticking outward and looked greasy. She had tears in her eyes and a stream of wet fur down her cheeks. She looked like she had gotten any sleep.
>Sue was the first one to speak to you. “I-I’m sorry anon I shouldn’t have came with you that night. I was the reason that you gotten hurt so bad. If it wasn’t for me you wouldn’t been in that coma.” The saddened bat said with a tone of voice like she was gonna cry again.
>Did she say coma? How long were you out? “Sue…how long was I in a coma?” you said with a raspy voice. “F-Four months since you were in the coma…” sue said while starting to cry again.

>You couldn’t believe it. You were in a coma for 4 months? But that can’t be. It hasn’t even felt like a week much less 4 months. What happened while you were out? Did something good happen for anthro people? What happened to the asshats that put you inna coma?
>There was more question that you would like the answers to than not answered.
>You decided the most questionable one. “what happened to those guys that put me here?” you asked trying to get “Comfortable” to say the least in the hospital bed. “they were put into
an area that the police held them for this long I don’t know the word but I know that the hospital staff called the police after you woke up. They said that you can press chargers on them expect Nathen since he is a special case to deal with.” Sue said while clutching your hand in hers.
>You look down at her hands and notice that some of the fur there is shaven and one large slice runs down the middle up to her elbow. She had them on both arms, both shaven up till her elbows.
>Seeing those marks terrifies you to the bone. Did they do this to her? Did they hurt her?
>”Sue…did they do this to you?! Which one did it! I'll kill them!” you are now very angry trying to get out of the hospital bed but was restrained by the hospital staff. Sue looks very upset as you are in a fury of anger.
>”I-I-I did this…” a very soft tone voice came from sue.
>With you hearing that you couldn’t what you just heard. She harmed herself? Why? Why did she do this to herself.
>With that you start to calm down slowly resting back onto the bed. 
>”I’m on suicide watch right now.” Sue saying with tears in her eyes “I’ve been on watch for 3 months now…” she is now quiet as a mouse on a carpet floor. You can barely hear her at this point. 
>”I felt extremely guilty after what happened that night it wasn’t until a month later I tried to kill myself. My parents found me in the water with blood in water and a straight razor my dad used by the edge.” Sue was now in a crying fit apologizing every couple of breaths as if trying to get yourself to forgive her for what she done to herself. She is in the corner on the floor crying in ball.

>Sue was carried out by 2 large nurses and taken somewhere else.
>It is now weeks that went by like a bullet. Quick and loud.
>Nurses everywhere, telephone calls, doctors questioning you , the usual.
>It is now 11:45AM, all you been doing this time was look on more info of bats and nature through your phone.
>Then all of a sudden a bunch of nurses and staff walk all in the same direction all at once.
>That is unusual. Usually when that happens something big happened like a accident or a emergency.
>Curious you go take a look.
>All of the staff is taking the stairs rather than the elevator. Wow this must be huge. You thought to yourself.
>while the same you also take the stairs. You see a large group of people outside in front.
>You go to the large group of people outside and look around. Only to see nothing is wrong.
>That’s when you heard it. The sirens far off in the distance coming only closer. That is when you get a slight tap on the shoulder. Thinking it was sue you turn around. You were instead met with a police officer.
>”Sir is that your girlfriend up there?” The man says pointing upward towards the third story ledges.
>You turn to look upwards. It’s her. It is sue up on the ledges with bleeding large holes in her beautiful wingspan. It looks like she has tears in her eyes or from the ground it does. 
Oh god you couldn’t believe it. Why was she up there?! 
>You cup your hands and yell up at her. “Sue! Why are you doing this.” Was all you could think. 
>Sue looks down at you. She start to call back. “I hate this life anon! I lied anon. About everything.
About my parents, about myself, I-I even lied about knowing you. Please forgive me for this.” And with a whisper away you heard something. “If I couldn’t take you. I’ll take your only girlfriend instead." 
>You turn around to see a extremely old man in a business suit with a lantern in his hand.
>The old man just smiles at your confusion.
>That is when you heard it. You didn’t want to hear it. The large group of people outside screamed.
>She jumped.
>And you watched as she plummeted to her gravely demise.
>As you watched your only thing that made you like life anymore slowly go away you now wished that everything went back to that one day at the fairgrounds.
>with a large audible crack and crunching noise.
>She fell on the concrete. Blood is pooling out of her very visible broken legs and left arm.
>With that a large amount of doctors and police officers rush over to her bleeding body.
>As they rushed someone bumped into you causing you to fall to the pavement hitting your head on the edge of the sidewalk.
>Then everything went dark.

>It has been 6 weeks since that day. You were questioned by the police after you woke up from being knocked out.
>Sue survived the fall but her legs and wingspan is too damaged to repair and now she has be in a wheelchair for the rest of her life.
>You blame yourself for her suicide attempt. If you didn’t take her out that night. Maybe this wouldn’t of happened if you didn't work that night.
>The doctors let you see sue rarely if she didn't have treatments being done to her. Her parents never showed up since she was admitted to the hospital.
>Sue is very depressed after all that, the first time she saw you after that event she started crying and scared out of her mind, so doctors told me to leave her and wait after a while.
>You try your best to not bring up the attempt without her saying anything about it first. All you wanted is answers from what she said before she jumped.
>She now has a nurse with her 24/7 after that.
>The only thing that gave yourself closure was when she answered one of your questions.
>Sue said with tears in her emerald green eyes “I never knew you when you were a kid, you were wearing a name badge that day and I read it. I only guessed which fruit tree you had by the fruit trees that grew around the state. I’m sorry. It’s fine if you hate me I understand if you do.”
>You try visiting her often but that soon stopped when you heard she was sent to another hospital more suited for anthro people.
>The doctors and nurses never told you where the hospital was.
>Soon you had your old life back. The bullies stopped picking on you and half of them went to jail.
>You cry yourself to sleep on some nights wishing you saved her.
>You just wish she could come back.

(The End)