Note: Dead story

Anon woke up, shaking off dreams into the morning sun that was shining through his window. Today felt like a good day. The sun was coming through his window; warming his heavy sheets. For the first time the entire winter, Anon’s room was warm. 

Anon laid in bliss for a few minutes before forcing himself to get up. He had work to do.
He pushed off his heavy sheets, closed the shutters, threw on a tunic, and fastened his sword on his waist. He walked into the only other room in his house and went to his fire pit.

Today was going to be a good day.

The coals hadn’t gone out. Good.

Anon snorted when he remembered the last time they had. He had to walk in the pouring rain to his neighbor’s house to borrow a coal, and spent the entire walk home hunched over in an attempt to protect the coal.

The coals dying wouldn’t be so bad though; he’d get a chance to see his neighbor’s daughter.

She was fresh as a peach, and delicate as one too. Anon reminisced about the time he caught a glance of her uncovered bosom. It was a hot day and so she had loosened the top of her tunic to let the heat out. Anon had just seen a faint outline of the top of her bust, but he cherished the sight. Her skin was nice and pale, and the way her exhaustion had reddened the skin between her breasts did things to Anon he couldn’t properly describe. 

Anon shook his head of the fantasy. He definitely enjoyed her appearance, but she was about as smart as a brick. He’d be fine with marrying her if he couldn’t find anyone else as her subservience would limit the damage her stupidity could do, but he doubt he’d enjoy her company once they’d grown old.

Anon spent the next few minutes warming a stew; swapping the entire time between appreciating his neighbor’s daughter’s beauty and bemoaning her personality.

Anon sat at his table, enjoying his reheated stew. It somehow tasted better than the day before. Anon got up; he was going to go feed his chickens. He had finished the chicken coop recently, and bought the chickens for it the other day. Anon stepped outside took a deep breath. The clean smell of nature filled his lungs, and he sighed contently.

Today was going to be a good day.

————————————————————————————————————————————————

Anon’s first duty of business was to feed his chickens. He took a moment to watch them eat.

These were the first animals that he’d ever owned; he was going to make sure they were taken care of.

After a bit, Anon went off and did the rest of the farm work for the day. His crops were all looking good and harvest would be soon.

Anon looked to the sky. He had finished his work, and there was still plenty of sun left to spare. He laid down next to the chicken pen; making sure to lay unsheathe his sword and lay it next to him. Anon closed his eyes and floated off to sleep to the sound of his chickens’ gentle clucking.

————————————————————————————————————————————————