Anon-san’s Escort
Part 3

The world was silent as the two of us balked at each other. I blinked; once, twice, three times and rubbed my eyes to make sure this was indeed reality. Shiori was still there when I finished, and now she was shaking like a soaking wet puppy in the rain. Her eyes were just as wide. 

“Anon-san, wh-what are you doing here!?”  Her tail was bristling, twitching tentatively. She looked down, then snatched the plastic spoon dangling from her bottom lip and tossed it, and the half-finished ice cream cup into the trash can next to the ice machine.

I took a deep breath and scratched the back of my head. “I was just about to ask you the same thing. I remember them mentioning in the briefing that we’d be staying at the same hotel. I never thought we’d be on the same floor.” I shrugged. “I’m two doors down from here. I just came to fill my bucket.” I held up the freezing metal pail.

Shiori let out a long breath, her eyes darting around the floor between us. She was shifting her arms, having trouble deciding to cover her chest or her smooth down her tail fur. “Oh. I see.” She said.

 I risked a glance downward, and noticed that her nipples were obviously erect, poking through her black shirt. They looked puffy. A smirk split my face as I looked back into Shiori’s downcast eyes.”Hey, hey, it’s me, okay? No need to be nervous.” I stuffed my hands into my pajama pockets, trying to seem casual.

Shiori looked back at me then, and her bashful smile finally appeared. “I’m okay now, thank you.” She had decided to cross her arms over her chest. For a moment she looked off into space as if considering something of great importance. “Anon-san, would you-“ 
Suddenly, the shrill “ding” of an elevator opening, followed by several footsteps in near lockstep began to echo through the corridor. Whoever was passing through clearly had somewhere to be, in a timely manner. 

Shiori’s pupils dialated as her ears perked up. “Eeep!” She whisper-shouted something in japanese and then became a blur of black fur, sprinting down the corridor. I was about to question this when I noticed that her tail had once again grabbed me, wrapping around my waist. Like a stage hook, Shiori’s tail dragged me away, and before I could blink, I was inside of a slightly lower scale suite. 

The curtains were drawn, and nothing but the light of a large HDTV on the west wall illuminated the place. With a side glance, I noticed that a Playstation 2 was set up. Good taste. The room was filled with soft yet sweeping music. A lonely, beautiful sound.

“I’m sorryI’msorryI’msorry!” Shiori punctuated every apology with a bow. I thought she was going to pitch forward onto the ground, considering the size of her breasts, but she kept perfect balance during her prostrations. She was talking a mile a minute, and I could have sworn she mixed some Japanese with her formal English. “YouhavetounderstandthereareothersonystaffmembersandexecutivestayinghereandIcouldn’triskthemseeingustogetherlikethisi’msososorryAnon-san!” 

My face was one part bemused and one part embarrassed. I closed my eyes and just listened for a moment. From where I was, leaning against her door, I could hear a bunch of professional-sounding Japanese voices carrying on in front of the ice machine. I didn’t help that there was a water fountain and vending machine right there. They were probably going to be there a while. 

I opened my eyes and shook my head. Come on now. Be calm and authoritative. You can do this. “Shiori.” I barked.

The voluptuous kitsune once again stopped in her tracks. “Yes, Anon-san?” She said, her ears shifting from their shameful downward position to an attentive upward one. 

I took a step forward, and as I’d done earlier in the day, I laid a gentle yet firm hand on her shoulder. “It’s alright, Shiori. I understand why you did it, I’m not mad.” I said, smiling as serenely as possible. 

Shiori looked like she was on the verge of crying tears of joy. “A-Anon-san…” She sniffled. Her relief turned to blushing befuddlement as she looked at my face. 

I must have looked like some kind predator again, because I could feel my lip curling with mischief. I leaned in just a bit, and, giving her shoulder the slightest squeeze, I spoke. “Although, I have to wonder…” I tilted my head and looked her right in her gorgeous blue eyes. “What exactly you meant when you said, ‘See Us Together’?” 

Shiori’s fuzzy face started to glow as it flushed with red. She began to stammer as her tail wagged uncontrollably, and I could swear there was steam coming out of her ears. “Eeehhh!?” 

I chuckled then, and sauntered over to her couch. I plopped down, sinking into the cushy seat, and set the miraculously un-spilled ice bucket down on the coffee table. “Say, do you have any cherry cola in here?” I looked over my shoulder at Shiori, who was still frozen in place. The only time I’d seen a tail wag that fast was ages ago, when I'd tossed a sandwich I hadn’t liked to a stray dog. 

Shiori jumped at my request, and turned around to look at me. Her shock was replaced with a puffy cheeked pouty face, her ears down and her paws balled up into fists. Her face was just as red, however. “Anon-saaaan!!!” 

I put a finger to my lips, hiding my smile. “Shh. You don’t  want those guys out there to hear us, do you?” I hooked a thumb at the door. Then I stretched, got up and walked toward the mini fridge. 

Shiori fell silent immediately. “Ah, yes, of course.” She mumbled. She also mumbled something in Japanese that was probably offensive. 

“I’m sorry.” I said. “I was just trying to defuse the situation. I hope I didn’t offend you, Shiori.” I poked experimentally at the number pad lock on the front of the fridge. 

Smoothing her tail once again, and assuming a professional posture, Shiori just nodded and stepped over to me. “D-D-Don’t worry about it.” She gently swatted my hands away from the lock. She bent over and entered in the passcode. I noticed, besides the incredible size and curves of her ass, that her tail was wagging again, albeit more slowly.

As I opened the cupboard looking for glasses, I noticed at the edge of my vision that Shiori was stealing a glimpse at my own rear. “So, when is the pitch meeting exactly?” 

Strangely, Shiori startled at that. “Oh, um, the meeting will be two days from now. The board of directors decided to let you get settled here in Japan. S-so you don’t feel pressured. They stressed that you get comfortable and enjoy yourself.” She procured a bottle of cherry cola, and set it into the ice bucket. I in turn grabbed two wine glasses and put them down on the coffee table. The both of us sat down. 

“Hmm…” That amount of time seemed a bit weird to me, especially since I was just a rookie they were taking a chance on, but I didn’t press the issue. I looked at the screen, then back at Shiori. 

“So…” I said. “Shadow of the Colossus, huh?”

…

“You know, I’ve always felt that the Colossi were pretty adorable.” I said, sipping my glass. Shiori was working on the 6th colossus, the one in the ruins, with the beard. It seemed that Shiori had spent a lot of time speedrunning this game, because it had only taken her a couple of hours to get to this point. Her efficiency at slaying these behemoths was kind of terrifying. I had been quiet for most of it, trying not to break her concentration. 

Shiori tilted her head, her eyes never leaving the screen. “What do you mean?” She said as Wander scaled the beast’s head.

I set my glass down, sitting forward. “I mean, I know the central idea of this game is how sad you’re supposed to feel for murdering these ancient creatures, and it is very effective at that, but I was always drawn to the colossi, because they’re really cute.”
 
Shiori bit her lip as Wander lost his grip and tumbled to the floor. That was the first mistake she had made during this run. “But, the Colossi are just big, hairy brutes. They’re towering monsters! How could you find them cute?”

“Well, just look at them! They’re big, but none of them are particularly scary. They look cuddly and kind of round, at the very least this guy and the first one do. Their fur looks soft and warm, and I bet they’re actually really gentle when you aren’t trying to attack them.” I sat back and stretched, sitting back and looking at the ceiling. "Most of them just want to do their own thing. And those eyes are just so wide and innocent. Things don’t need to be small to be cute, you know? Big things can be even more adorable.” 

The room was quiet. I sat back up and looked at the screen. I had gotten so wrapped up in my diatribe, I didn’t notice that the game was paused. Wander clung to the colossus’ head, poised to strike at its runic weak point.”Huh?” I said, scratching my chin. “Shiori?” I looked over to my attendant.

Shiori had dropped her controller, and was rubbing her eyes. Sitting up straight, she towered over me. Tears were flowing freely, yet on her face was a joy that I had never seen. “Anon-san…” She whimpered. 

Now it was my turn to blush. “Ah, I’m sorry did I upset you again?” 

Shiori sniffled. “Anon-san. Do you think those big, hairy beasts are lonely? They are all so far away from each other, from anyone.” 

I scratched my chin. “Of course they are. I think they don’t attack you on sight because, well, maybe they’re just happy to see somebody. Maybe they just want someone to be with them.” I nodded to myself, satisfied with the answer. 

Before I could blink, Shiori had grabbed me. My face was once again filled with the cushy, velvet feel of Shiori’s fur. The scent of her perfume and the cherry cola we’d drank was on her as well. She had pulled my face right into her chest, and I could feel her heart racing. Her legs wrapped around my waist to secure me, and I was fully enveloped in her soothing warmth. Everything I touched was like a silken pillow.

Focusing all of my mental faculties on not popping a boner, I squirmed and tilted my head up to look at Shiori’s face. She was bawling. “Thankyou, thankyou, thankyou.” She whimpered, again and again.  She squeezed me like a plush doll, which might have been uncomfortable if she wasn’t so amazingly squishy. 

Before, I had been shocked by Shiori’s show of emotion, and couldn’t say a thing to placate her. I had hoped my presence would be enough. This time was different. I had spent the rest of the evening in my hotel room thinking about what I could have said, and this time I was prepared. “Shiori…” I said, wiggling my arms free, and wrapping them around her waist as best as I could. Her doughy curves yielded to my grip, my arms sinking into her sides. Shiori opened her eyes, staring right back into mine. 

I squeezed her, just as she was squeezing me, took a breath, and spoke. 
“You don’t have to be alone anymore, Shiori. I’m here.”

She cried for several minutes, then. The both of us were wrapped around each other, saying nothing as Shiori let her emotions flow freely, likely for the first time since the loss of her father. She rocked me gently, and I stroked her tail, reminding her that I was there, right there, with her, for as long as she needed. No other words needed to be said. 

Eventually, the sobbing turned into quiet weeping, and the weeping gradually shifted into near silent hiccupping. I held her through it all, and she clung to me desperately, but eventually, her grip loosened. When I looked up, Shiori had fallen asleep, her left leg twitching gently as she dreamed. Her tail was around my waist, her arms around my shoulder her legs locked about my hips. I was trapped, and I had never been happier. I adjusted my position slightly, settled my head in Shiori’s bountiful breasts and closed my eyes. 

A yawn shook itself through my body, a long, drawn out release of air, and tension. As sleep overtook me, I could feel some nagging questions scratching at the back of my mind, but I was too tired to think about it. At that moment, all that mattered was the two of us together, and the rapid pace our relationship had taken. Whatever complications came, they could be addressed in the morning.

“Goodnight, Shiori.”

<==TO=BE=CONTINUED==(OvO)