The sound of eggs sizzling in the pan filled the room. Anon turned the burner off and scooped up one of the eggs with his spatula. He plopped it on the plate, did the same with the second, and then carried his plate over to the fridge. After a little fishing around, he pulled out the rest of the stuff Jessica had bought for him. He liked most of it, even if it didn’t go together really well. Regardless, Anon choked down the stuff he didn’t like and enjoyed the stuff he did. As he was finishing up he turned to see the door open. 
”Heyyy~ Anon!”
“Oh, hey Jessica. How did the commercial go?”
“It was good,” Jessica said, sauntering over to Anon. She draped herself over his shoulder and looked down at his plate. Her boobs made it feel like someone had suddenly stuck a large pillow behind Anon’s head. “Thanks for actually eating the food I gave you, by the way. You ready for the payoff, big guy?”
“Yeah” Anon said, giving her a quick kiss. “So how long do you need to get ready?”
“Give me a few minutes, I’ll text you when to come in,” She said excitedly before rushing off.

After a few minutes of browsing the internet, Anon got a text.
“I’m ready~”

Anon walked over and swung open the door. Jessica had changed into a small white top that strained against the size of her breasts and a black thong than dug into her wide hips. She was sitting on the edge of the bed and jumped up when Anon came in. “Ok, go sit where I was and get your pants off,” Jessica said while closing the door. Anon sat down on the edge and undid his fly before pulling his pants down. “That’s good enough, thanks Anon” Jessica said, eyeing Anon’s dick. She knelt down, guiding Anon’s dick between her boobs. Scooping up each boob with one hand, she jerked them up and down Anon’s cock.
“Tongue”
“Huh?”
“Use your tongue too, please”
Jessica nodded and bent her head down, letting her tongue fall out and begin to swirl around the head of Anon’s dick. He leaned forward and wiggled both hands into her shirt. The tightness made it difficult, and by the time he had gotten both hands in they had both nearly gotten stuck thanks to how much they sunk in. Anon stood up, shoving the head of his dick into Jessica’s mouth. She looked up in surprise but began licking again, maintaining eye contact with Anon. Using his new position, Anon repeatedly thrust into Jessica’s breasts. With one final shove Anon climaxed, filling Jessica’s mouth with cum. Not breaking eye contact, she slowly swallowed it all down. After finishing, a brief look of panic crossed her face after she realized what she just did.
“That cum was meant for my feathers!”
Anon snorted. “Wait, were you planning on using it for feather care?”
“Yeah.” Jessica said, looking disappointed. Suddenly she regained her composure, shooting anon a sultry look. “I guess we’ll just have to do it again”