Chapter 3

A week passed, and the days followed a similar pattern: Martin would tend to his chores as usual, and Victoria would spend the evening in the basement, then demand a bath and wine. Neither of them directly acknowledged that night. Martin was quieter, and responded more promptly. Victoria was gentler, and managed her frustrations alone. To Martin’s chagrin, this self-care kept him awake long into the night. Even his sleep was no reprieve, for he dreamed of her form looming over him, assaulting him, devouring him. For a few brief seconds each morning he wondered where he was, before the memories came back in a rush.

Halfway through their breakfast, a courier brought another letter from Loveway. Victoria scanned it as the man departed, then crushed it in her fist.

“Brush your hair and wash your hands,” she snarled. “We’re leaving shortly.”

They took a coach to the station and boarded the nine-o’-clock north. The car was comfortable, though Martin had to swallow his breakfast again once the train started moving.

“We’re answering Loveway’s summons,” Victoria told him. “Stay close, stay quiet, and do absolutely anything he tells you to.” She scowled at the passing countryside. “He is a dangerous man.”

“I see,” he muttered. He noticed her ear was flicking repeatedly, and her hands were tightly clasped. She tapped her foot gently, but stopped when she realized Martin was looking at her. He frowned, and followed her gaze to the passing hills.

They disembarked in a small town, surrounded by plains superficially familiar to Martin: mostly unremarkable, but reminiscent of his dull hometown. Victoria did not tarry to say hello as they passed the folk in town, and he struggled to keep up with her longer strides as she marched toward Loveway estate.

The manor itself was grand, easily twice or thrice the size of the Howclair house. Servants bustled about outside, tending to the lawn and gardens. A molly at the door greeted them with a bow and let them in. “Milord is in the parlor, Lady Howclair,” she said, “and he’s in a foul mood today...”

“I can imagine,” she replied, and led Martin through the foyer. He was awestruck by the opulence, and slowed to look at it all: great glass windows; floors of smooth white tile; walls papered with intricate floral print and decorated with plaques, paintings, and ornaments. A pair of jennies dusted the baubles, and gave no attention to the mare and man passing beneath their lord’s banner.

“Martin,” Victoria called, voice somber. “Stay close.”

He heeled quickly, and followed her down the hall. She stopped before a door and drew a deep breath before rapping at it. After a moment, a billy let them in.

Everything about Loveway’s parlor was large, in keeping with the rest of the house. The near side was dominated by what Martin vaguely recognized as a billiards table. On the far side, the horns of some great beast were mounted over the hearth, with a gun below, and tall windows flanking the fireplace let the mid-morning sun in. In this glow the baron sat, sipping a cup of tea. He smiled at them both, and it filled Martin’s stomach with a heavy unease.

“Victoria, please have a seat.”

She sat across the table from him, and Martin stood beside her. The old goat poured a cup for Victoria, who accepted it graciously.

“Would you put another pot on, Timothy?” Loveway gave a command, disguised as a request.

“Of course, Milord,” the billy rasped, and left the room, closing the door.

The air was tense. Loveway took another sip from his cup, which Victoria mirrored. He then set his cup and saucer on the table, and this, too, she mimicked.

“I received a letter from one of Count Harlock’s servants last night,” the baron said. Victoria went rigid. He continued, “The deal was made. Starting next month, Harlock Steel will supply track exclusively to South Plains Freight. Can you tell me why that is?”

“...I am unsure, Baron.”

“Unsure?” He sounded curious. “As I understood it, the count was feeling under the weather lately, but according to a servant:” he took a letter from the table and began to read it, “’on the last night before his meeting with the chief, Viscount Harlock was possessed by a strange manner, and took his lady to bed with him quite early. They engaged one another well into the night, caring not that their servants could not have possibly ignored their joyous cacophony. The next morning, Lady Harlock was difficult to rouse, but the count was unusually vigorous.’ It seems he has been healthier than usual!”

He folded the letter and put it back on the table. “I am disappointed, Victoria. You assured me the viscount would utterly lack the capacity to even meet the South Plains chief.”

“My apologies—“

“Oh, save your breath, Victoria, I have no use for apologies. It seems clear to me that you are too preoccupied with your new toy to do your job.” His disinterested eyes fell on Martin. “Come here boy, and take off that frumpy rag.”

Martin glanced at Victoria, who nodded subtly, before he obeyed.

“God, you’re such a waif. Your mistress is so transparent. Turn around, and kneel.”

He again obeyed, and his unease was vindicated as the baron grasped his hair with a crushing grip. Martin yelped, and looked to Victoria, whose growing concern was visible.

“I’ve got to buy track from somebody else now, Victoria. It’ll be a struggle to keep up with South Plains’s expansion now, you know, if I can’t get some other leg up on them.”

“Milord—“

“Tell me, why should I subsidize a witch and her plaything if she cannot deliver results on such a pivotal occasion?”

Martin turned to look at the baron, confused.

“Oh, you didn’t know, boy? Yes, if word got out, you’d both be burned alive! Frankly, I’m amazed I was the first to sniff her out. Must be my nose for secrets. However, it’s plain as day that Victoria has a penchant for little men like yourself.”

The billy returned with a steaming kettle, and placed it on the tea tray before taking the first away.

“Good man, Timothy. Right on cue.” Loveway took the kettle and raised it over Martin.

“Milord, I have served you for a decade! Surely the occasional mistake is inevitable?” Victoria pleaded.

“Of course, and you must learn from this mistake as from the others.” His calm voice sent shivers up Martin’s spine, met by the scorching pain of boiling water splashing onto his back as the baron tilted the kettle.

He shrieked and shook, but the baron’s grasp kept him from twisting out of the scalding stream. Searing rivulets curled around his sides and soaked into the waist of his shorts. Victoria’s fists clenched the arms of her chair, but her tongue was still while she watched her benefactor empty the pot over her servant. He shook the last drops from the spout and released Martin, leaving him to flop onto the rug.

“It hurts, doesn’t it? Remember this the next time your mistress becomes distracted from a task given to her.” He turned to Timothy, saying, “see them out, will you? I think the boy may need some assistance.”

The goat helped Martin back into his smock and through the foyer. A coach was waiting outside for them, and delivered them to the station. Victoria’s face was dark, but she handled Martin delicately as they boarded the ten-thirty back to the city. He hissed as his back pressed against his seat, and as the train departed he kept his eyes forward, while Victoria repeatedly glanced over to him with plain worry.

On several occasions, Victoria opened her mouth as though to begin speaking, but each time the words failed to pass her lips. Martin’s fingers clenched against the cushioned seats as the train’s gentle bouncing shot lances across his back. Neither spoke to the other as they returned.

A coach took them home, and Martin paused only for Victoria to unlock the door before walking stiffly upstairs, where he gingerly removed his smock and laid on his bed. The basement door creaked open, and he scowled into his pillow. Victoria’s hooves clicked up the staircase a few minutes later, and he braced himself for a confrontation.

As she stood in the door, the afternoon sun shone on her pantsuit, which bore fresh smears of some foul-looking substance. She approached with a rag and a jar of some salve, with thick oily globs dripping from its mouth.

“Please, sit on this,” she said, gesturing to the stool at his desk. “I do not want to stain your sheets with it.”

He narrowed his eyes. “Is that some magic?”

She sighed. “Yes. It will soothe your burns.”

“Why should I believe that?”

She sat the jar on his desk and pinched the bridge of her snout. “I want to help you. What possible reason would I have to lie to you?”

“How should I know? I don’t know you.”

“What attempt have you made to know me?” she shouted, and his blood ran cold. “I have only spoken truth to you. What little I have withheld, you have not questioned. Even during a gross lapse in judgment, I have never intended to mislead or harm you. Will you hold the baron’s actions against me, or will you sit on the damn chair and let me tend your wounds?”

He conceded, and stifled a groan as he moved onto the seat. Victoria knelt behind him and began slathering the cool salve on his back. Though the pain on contact was great, it was quickly replaced by a mere dull ache. A powerful botanical scent led by notes of pine tar and mint filled the room as she smeared it into his blistered skin. He attempted to scratch some parts coated, but she swatted his hands away. The salve dried quickly and cracked, and he shifted uncomfortably, hands gripping the edge of the stool to keep from scratching. Victoria rubbed the dried clumps off with the rag, leaving his back irritated and red, with only some minor scarring.

“Martin,” she began, softly and solemnly, “what are we?”

He shivered, and drew a deep breath before arranging the syllables like fine glass. “I am your servant, Lady Victoria, and you are my mistress.”

This did not provoke, but it failed to placate.

“It is not so simple,” she retorted, “but I do not wish it to be.”

“What do you want, then?”

She stood, and began wiping the jar with the rag. He turned and saw her eyes were upon it, but she was not looking at it. “I am unsure. I thought I wanted you as a lover. I still do, but I also want something more, something I cannot yet place.”

The air between them was still for some time, before she spoke again.

“I do not know you, either, Martin. When I look at you, I do not see a killer, or the lover I had hoped you to be. I scarcely see a man at all.” Her tone became condescending. “Could you be a leaf, longing for the branch from which the wind willed you?”

His lips tightened, and his brow creased in a pained scowl. “My longing doesn’t matter.”

She raised an eyebrow at him. “Despite this, you are a killer. Why?”

His breath quickened, and his fists clenched the edge of the stool.

“Martin?”

His cheeks burned, and hot tears poured forth.

“What troubles you?” Her condescension was replaced with concern.

He sighed, and the tension left his body. “Nothing I can make right.”

She watched him wipe his cheeks for several long moments. “Would you… like a hug?”

His teary eyes stated his apprehension, but she held her arms out earnestly. He stood and stepped into her arms, and as she wrapped him in her hug he let her. After a few heartbeats, he embraced her in kind, and nestled himself against her breast. She pulled him in more snugly, and he held on tightly.

“What do you see when you look at me, Lady Victoria?”

She pursed her lips in thought. “I see several things I wish you to be, which oppose one another: a servant, a partner; a lover...” she trailed off, barely speaking above a whisper, “a son.”

She ran her fingers through his hair, and he drew a deep breath.

“What do you see in me?”

He took much longer to prepare his answer. “Sometimes, my mother.”

She looked surprised, but only a little. “Why is that?”

He sank further into her chest and thought it through. “Kind, sometimes frightening… it’s hard to say. It’s like you live in a different world. She was like that, too. She saw things I didn’t.”

“She was? Did she change?”

He bristled at this question. “She died.”

“Oh.” Her petting hand froze. “My condol—“

“I killed her.”

Victoria mulled this over in silence. “Will you kill me?”

He frowned and tightened his grip on her. “I don’t want to.”

“Then it matters not.”

Fresh tears stained her blouse. A hand held him against her chest. Neither of them attempted to change this.