														The tomboy and the fall of a titan



"Get back here!" shouted the store clerk. A person dressed in a old coat with patches with an old pair of work pants with patches and a linen cap to top it off. That person just tired to steal apples and was caught. One of the store workers tries to stop the thief but the thief took the broom out from the person's hands and snapped it over their leg. The thief then made a quick get away.
 
Meanwhile the store clerk is talking to an officer. "Not under 5 foot but definitely not over 5 and a half." said the clerk "Also it had a snout." the other clerk added. "That's Dirty Doug. Born and raised on the streets, she's sly and cunning. We can never catcher her. Damn coyote is smarter than a fox." Said the officer.
 
Meanwhile in an ally way the thief takes their cap off. A pair of triangular ears pop up. These ears belong to the feminine coyote face of Doug. While her face is that of a girl she acts is if she's a guy. She smokes, drinks, and does stuff that would make a high class lady faint.
 
Doug then ate an apple to help relieve her hunger. As she finished the apple the officers then made there way to the ally. Now one thing about Doug. She looks at the world differently. In her mind she can see things that could help her and she also looks at stuff with an exploded view to see how they work.
 
Doug sees a clothes line above her. One of the hooks holding it up is hanging on by a thread. She throws the apple core at the hook. The hook comes loose and all the clothes fall. The officers are blinded by the clothes. With them distracted Doug makes her get away.
 
She ran through the ally ways. She ain’t no road runner but she’s pretty fast. She makes her way out onto the streets where an officer is trying to grab her. She simply grabs his hands and they both twirl with Doug breaking off. She makes her way to another ally. This time its a dead end. But for Doug its not. She sees an opening for a storm drain and it looks like she can fit down it. Being homeless meant that she doesn’t eat a lot and that all the walking and running she does means that she very fit.
 
Doug slides down into the storm drain in the nick of time. She runs down the storm drain for a few blocks heading south. She then pops out from an opening and enters another ally way. She sees that the officers are nowhere near. With the officers gone she decides to take a much needed piss break. She goes behind a trash can. As she went to undo her pants she heard the officers coming. She barely got a button undone when the entered the ally way. 
 
Doug took off running again. She ran out into the busy streets. She almost gets hit by a car. She zig zags through the traffic. She enters another ally. The officers follow. They know that the ally she went in is a dead end for sure. They are hot on her tracks. At the end of the ally is a fence with a crate in front of it. Just as they thought they finally have Doug she bolts for the fence, hops up on the crate, and jumps over the fence. 
 
She lost them, for now. She keeps on running until she gets to the harbor. She sees a massive black wall of steel at the harbor. She is awestruck by the object. Its a ship. It has to be the largest ship she has ever seen. Suddenly she hears the officers coming for her. Doug then runs into the massive crowd. She decides that the only way to escape is to board that ship. 
 
The ramp is about to pull away when Doug makes her way up. She is almost on board when a crew member stopped her. “Ticket please” said the crew member. Doug told him that she has not ticket. “40 pounds then” the crew member replied. Doug frantically searched her pockets only to come up empty handed. “Please sir I have no home or money and I got into some hot water and I need to get away until stuff cools down. I could work off the costs” said Doug while she nervously twisted her cap in her hands as she sees the officers closing in. the crew member took pity on her so he stepped aside. Doug thanked him and jumped across the 1 and a half foot gap between the ramp and the ship. The crew member closed the doors as the officers were making their way up the ramp. 
 
Inside Doug asked the crew member about the ship. (This ship right here is the Titanic. Largest on Earth. This is her maiden voyage.) said the crew member.  Doug asked where the Titanic was heading. (Titanic is heading to America, the land of opportunity.) said the crew member. Doug learned about America from some people on the streets but never thought she would be heading there. She also realizes that she can’t turn back and also she’s now a fugitive. She can never return to her home.
 
She heads up to the stern to give her home a last goodbye. Up on the deck Doug took her cap off and waved it around. The tug boats and the Titanic start to toot their whistles to signal that Titanic is leaving. The ship shutters as the engines slowly start to turn. Titanic slowly starts to pull away. Doug knows that this is it, she cannot turn back now.
 
“Keep yourself together” says Doug. She decides that she deserves a smoke. She reaches into her coat pocket and pulls out a pack of cigarettes and a book of matches. She pulls out a single cigarette and puts it in her mouth. She strikes a single match and holds the lit match up to her mouth. She takes small puffs to help it light up. After that she flings the match into the water and takes a deep inhale and blows out a large cloud of smoke. Some first class ladies gave her a dirty look. Doug replied by saluting them with a single finger. 
 
She waves her cap around more when she notices that the officers are look up at her from the harbor. One officer took off his hat and threw it on the ground in frustration. The people at the harbor are amazed at the size of the Titanic and that its moving. Doug stays on the stern to get one last look at her home before she leaves forever.
 
A little while later Southampton faded away from the horizon. Doug got her last look. Before the little sliver vanished she said goodbye to her home and that it will live on in heart for the rest of her life. America is her home now. Her live starts anew.
 
Doug watched the waves bob up and down. A minute later she gets surprised. The water splashing around and her not taking a leak back in that ally has made her need to use the bathroom very strong and urgent. She ran to the crew member that greeted her and asked if there is a place she can go and relieve herself. The crew member tells her that she can do it in her room. He calls over her bunk mate and tells him to take her back to their room.
 
Doug and her bunk mate walk back to the room. For Doug time slowed down. She felt like she was going to explode. She started to walk in a funny fashion. They finally made it to the room. Doug ran in and started looking around and looking under the beds. Her bunk mate ask her what’s she looking for. (There has to be a chamber pot or a bucket of something. I can’t wait any longer. I’m gonna open the window and I want you to grab hold of me so I don’t fall out.) said Doug.
 
Her bunk mate pointed to the toilet and told her to use that before he exited the room. Doug has seen toilets before but never used one. Doug quickly undid her pants and sat down on the toilet. She sighed as she relived herself. When she was finished she got up and pulled her pants back up. She looked into the toilet at the yellow foamy water. She wondered how would she get empty it. Then she remembered that people pulled a handle so she did just that. After flushing the toilet Doug decided to rest. 
 
She took off her old tattered coat. Her bushy tail, wrapped around her figure, unwrapped. She then put her cap and coat up on the hooks. Doug then took off her old leather boots to expose her feet which are covered in worn out socks. She hopped up on the top bunk and closed her eyes to take a nap. In her sleep she grabbed her tail and hug it tightly. She hasn’t done this since she was a child but really wanted to do it for a long time. When she slept on the streets her tail would wiggle out of her coat and brush her face. She would push it back into her coat. Now that she’s all along she can hug her tail all she wants. She curls up with her tail. She even puts the tip of her tail in her mouth and starts to softy cooing.
 
After a few hours she wakes up. The sun is about to set. She gets up and puts her boots on. She then pulls on her suspenders as she stretches. This is the first time she slept in a real bed, the only other bed she slept in was in jail. She takes her cap and puts it on her head. She leaves her room to go and explore. Outside of her room the crew member she first met bumps into her and tells her that he has a job if she wants to do it. Titanic is making a quick stop and she could help load up some coal being brought to the ship.
 
She had 10 minutes to walk around. She made her way to the first class area waiting for the ship to stop so she can help load the coal into the ship. At Cherbourg Doug helped load some coal before seeing a passenger struggle with his luggage. She went and helped him with his luggage. That man is Anon Smith, millionaire who made his wealth in the automotive industry. He is traveling home to America with his family. As he struggles with his luggage he sees a coyote come up to him with a dolly to help him with the steamer trunks.
 
 
                        ------------ 
 
 
You notice that the coyote is black as a lump of coal and that its once white shirt is covered in coal dust. Something must be playing with you as it looks like the coyote has a feminine body shape. It asked you to go to your room and it would follow you. You are surprised by the feminine voice the coyote has. You go to your room as the coyote follows. In the light of the inside you see that the coyote is in fact female. You arrive to your room and she drops off your stuff. You reach into your wallet to pay her for her hard work but when you look back up she’s gone.
 
 
                        ------------ 
 
 
Doug headed back to help load the coal. After the loading was done she sat down and took in the sight of the French land. She never thought she would see other parts of the world. A worker offers a drink from his flask thinking Doug is a guy. She takes a drink and thanks him. He’s surprised to find out Doug is a girl. He blows it off. After all she’s a worker. 
 
Unknown to Doug is that your not the only thing to come aboard. An envelope came aboard. In it was a piece of paper with Doug’s face on it with the word “WANTED” on top. 
 
After Doug was finished with loading the coal Titanic took off for Queenstown. Doug decided to go to bed. Its gonna be a long day tomorrow as she has to once again help load some coal and then she has to go to her job as an oiler on the engine room. 
 
As Doug crawled into her bunk she wondered how America would be like. Maybe she might have a better life there. As her eyes closed she listened to the sounds of the ship to help her sleep. In no time she was fast asleep, dreaming of a better life.
 
When the sun rose it shined through the porthole in Doug’s room. She got up and put her coat on. She put her hand on her stomach as she felt it growl. She grabbed her cap and headed on out to explore the ship before she had to work. She also wanted her bunk mate to get some sleep.
 
She first headed to the 3rd class dinning area. For breakfast she had bacon and eggs. She was able to eat fresh food without stealing it. She hasn’t ate like this in a very long time. Then she went to walk around the outside of the ship. As she was walking around taking in the fresh Irish air she almost ran into you. She ran into an open doorway. She was afraid to even admit it to herself but she has grown a liking to you. She loves how charming you are. But she’s way out of your league. You dress in the nicest clothes while she dresses in old worn clothes. You have loads of money while she doesn’t even have a penny to her name. 
 
A few hours later it was almost noon and Titanic arrived at Queenstown. Doug once again helped load up coal. This time it was light out. People seen her. Some high class passengers and even a few 2nd class passengers looked at her weirdly. She turned her back to them and went back to work. She thought about what she said to them in her head. “Yea so what I’m a girl deal with it!”, “Unlike you I have no money!”, “I spent my whole 20 years of life living on the streets! I never had a roof over my head!” she thought to herself.  
 
Doug then had to go in a coal bunker to even out the load. She squeezed into the bunker with a shovel and moved to coal around until it was all even. She got out of the bunker and went to the engine room for her next job.
 
By afternoon Titanic is steam away from Ireland with nothing ahead but ocean. Captain Smith ordered full ahead. The crew members in the pilot house moved the engine telegraphs to full ahead. In the engine room the engine telegraph rang. The head engineer look at it before calling out the order for full ahead while another engineer moved the telegraph to full ahead. The head engineer told the workers keep working as he overlooked the 2 massive 4 cylinder triple expansion steam engines. 
 
Doug ran across the catwalk with an oil can in her hand. The mechanics were running around oiling parts and opening valves. She was even part of the chatter the mechanics were saying. “Turbine bypass off. Turbine valve on. Hey Doug what’s the reading. About 70 psi.”. The head engineer opened a valve causing the gauges to go up. In the boiler room the lead stoker told the other stokers and trimmers to speed up as they got full ahead. In the engine room as the gauges went up the engines roared to life at full speed.
 
                
                        ------------ 
 
You are touring the ship with your family. You already seen the pilot house and the boiler rooms. Now its time to see the engine room. You enter the loud engine room. Your amazed by the large engines. Your up on the catwalk with your family and a crew member talking about the engines when a worker rushes past you and their cap falls off. You pick it up and look to see who it belongs to when you see that coyote girl from yesterday is looking for her cap. Since you never had the chance to pay her you slip some money into her cap and tell her that you found her cap. She comes up to you to retrieve it and she thanks you. You tell its no problem. The coyote girl goes back to work. Your mother comments on how the coyote girl is weird. “She’s all dirty. She’s probably a whore or some homeless trash.” your mom said to you. You look over to see that the coyote girl’s ears were pointed towards you. You then see them go down and a frown form on her face and she looks deflated. She looks hurt. You tell your mom that she should not say that about a person she doesn’t know. You say that she might be down on her luck and she wants to start fresh in America. After you tell your mom that you notice the coyote girl start to cheer up.
 
                    ------------ 
 
Doug was oiling some bearings when she heard a woman say bad stuff about her. It was like someone pulled a plug on her. She held back the tears. She thought maybe the woman was right, she’s worthless. Doug could jump overboard and no one would notice. But then Anon defended her. She thought why would a rich man stand up for a penniless person like herself. She thought maybe he has a heart of gold. She felt much better. In fact she felt something she rarely felt for anyone. Love. 
 
Doug felt something in her cap that was bothering her. She tool her cap off to find a dollar. Doug thought about buying something from the ship’s store but she decided to save it for when she gets to America. 
 
Break time came. Doug decided to get some fresh air by climbing up the 4th funnel. One at the top she gazed out. With the ship at full speed she felt like she was flying. Even through the smoke she thought she could see America. Land of opportunity. Her life can start fresh.
 
After a few hours the head engineer told her that she can stop working for today and rest. Doug did not want to but the head engineer insisted. He said that she deserved a break for doing something that no woman would do. Doug decided to go for a night stroll. She walks to the stern and decides to smoke. 
 
                    ------------
 
You go to the stern to look around when you spot that coyote girl again. Curiosity got the better of you so you decide to go talk to her. She has a cigarette and looks like she can’t find a match. You approach her slowly as not to startle her. She seems mad as she can’t have a good smoke. As she shrugs you hold out your lighter and light her cigarette for her. She thanks you for helping her. You motion for her to sit on a bench.
 
You both start talking. You find out that she’s been homeless for all her life and she’s hoping to start a better life in America. Your about to ask what her name is when
 
 
“FREEZE!”
 
2 crew members run towards the both of you. Your confused about what’s going on when the crew members grab the coyote girl and hand cuff her. 1 of the crew members is looking at a piece of paper and looking at the coyote girl “Yea that’s her.” said the crew member. You ask them what’s going on. “That right there is Dirty Doug. She’s wanted for theft and fleeing from justice.” said the crew member. They both talk about the 1000 pound reward. You tell them that you’ll pay them 1000 pounds each, double what they will get if they turn her in. They accept and let her go. 
 
                        ------------
Doug ask you why you helped her. He ask her to tell him everything. She says that she only stole stuff that she needs to live like food and clothes. She tells him that she ran away as they were gonna lock her in a jail cell and throw they key away. She asked Anon if she can pay him back. He tells her that 2000 pounds is like a drop of water in a bathtub. He tells her that she can start fresh in America.
 
                            ------------
 
The more you talk the Doug the more you start to like her. You don’t know why but it seems that her charming nature and how she’s not afraid to get dirty is what attracts you. You are looking for a girl who you can love and hang out with.
 
Its getting late and you hear your parents coming around the corner. You tell Doug to meet you at the bow early in the morning before she goes to work. She says ok to that and retreats into the dark right as your parents come around the corner. Your parents ask what the commotion was. You tell them it was nothing.
 
                            ------------
 
The next day Doug met Anon at the bow. The Atlantic air is crisp. Doug Sees you walking towards her. She straightens her clothes as best as she can. Anon brought her some toast to snack on. While Doug is snacking Anon has something he wants to admit. Doug wants to admit that she loves Anon but she’s afraid that would make her look stupid. A penny-less tomboy asking out a millionaire. Little did she know that she wasn’t gonna be the only one to admit love.
 
In an instant her heart skipped several beats. She feels something weird down south. Its like a tingly feeling. Its making her pant. Anon takes notice and tells Doug to come over to somewhere more private. Doug’s back is against a wall. He tells her that he has a way to make her feel less stressed and feel better about everything. Doug tells to do what ever it takes. He brings his hand down towards her crotch. He puts his hand down her pants. He searches for the right place when he finds something soft, warm and wet. He plays with it for a minute. Doug is shaking and panting harder and harder. Her mind is racing. She’s in heaven. Then Anon stops. He tells her that this was a teaser. He tells Doug to come to his room after she’s done working for the full version. Anon then goes back to his morning walk.
 
Doug needs to head off to work. She can barely walk. This was something new for her. Its weird for her. She loves it. In the engine room she sits on the catwalk with a handrail between her legs. The vibrations are heaven for her. She had to put her coat on. Oddly her nipples started to get hard. They were noticeable through her shirt. The weird feeling wants her to rub down there but it feels wet and rubbing could make it worse. Doug wanted to keep her clothes clean. It could be a very long time before she could wash them.
 
The head engineer comes up to Doug and asked her what’s she’s doing. Doug froze and said she was doing nothing. The head engineer said he knows what’s doing on. He tells her that love is in the air and it must have found her. He tells her that its that time of her life that she needs to find a mate. One that she loves and loves her back.
 
Doug went up to Anon’s room. Anon greeted her. Doug never been around luxury. Anon asked her if she wants to get cleaned up. Doug agrees as she is filthy. Anon leads her to the bathroom. He tells her to give her clothes to him so he can have them washed. Doug never had her clothes washed.
 
Doug peals off her clothes. She looks in a mirror and wonders what Anon sees in her. Her fur is matted and dirty. She turns on the tap for the tub and waits for it to fill. Once filled she steps in. She relaxes in the warm water, something she’s not used to. She loosens up and get comfortable as she waits for her matted fur to get fully wet. Once wet she runs her fingers through her fur. She gets grime under her fingernails. She repeats this all over her body. Once done she feels different, lighter. Over time she has grown used to having a layer of dirt and grime on top of her skin and in her fur. She looks down and sees how dirty the water is. Embarrassed she pulls the plug and drains the tub. While waiting for it to refill she spots a bottle. She picks up the bottle and reads the label. “Shampoo. Wet hair and apply and rinse hair when done. I wounder what it’ll do to my fur.” Doug thought to herself.
 
She poured a little bit on her hand and rubbed it into her fur. She scrubs it into her fur all the way down to her skin. A feeling of clean spread through out her body. After rinsing Doug found a comb and started to comb her fur. Loose hair started to come out of her fur and tangle up the comb. Doug removed the loose hair from the comb and threw it in the toilet. She flushed the hair down when she’s done. She dried off and took a look at herself in the mirror.
 
Doug was spooked by who she seen in the mirror. She did not see herself in the mirror. She sees a coyote with soft brown hair with beautiful blue eyes. This coyote could be part of the royal family. The coyote in the mirror moves with Doug. She realizes that the coyote in the mirror is her. Under that layer of filth is pure beauty. This what Anon must have saw in her.
 
At this point its been 2 hours since she entered the bathroom. She starts to dry herself off. As she was almost done Anon knocks on the door to tell her that her clothes just got dropped off from getting clean. She wraps a towel around herself and goes to get her clothes. Doug notices that her clothes look different. No filth and the holes have been mended. Even her socks have been repaired.
 
Doug put her clothes back on and was amazed by how they feel. No longer did they feel dirty. No longer were they falling apart. She feels new. Anon comes in to see how Doug is doing. He notices that her hair needs some work as its matted and long. He takes her down to the ship’s barber. There the barber trimmed and made her hair. He untangled her long matted hair and washed it. He started to cut her hair. Once done Doug took a look at herself in the mirror.
 
Her hair was no longer matted. The barber trimmed it not to short but not too long. Her hair went from almost to her butt to almost to her shoulders. She looks even better than after she took a bath. Her hair has a shine to it. Anon tips the barber and the 2 head off to grab a bit. Since 3rd class passengers are not normally allowed in the 1st class dining area Anon and Doug head back to the room while Anon goes grab some food for them to eat.
 
Doug was excited to get a meal fit for the rich. Usually her diet was food she stole and anything she found in the trash. Even that was a small amount. Over time she grew used to being hungry. It was a common for her to go to bed on an empty stomach. An empty stomach was a normal feeling for her. Maybe she might get to experience of a full stomach.
 
Anon came back with steaks for him and his new friend. When Doug smelt the steaks her mind for a moment forgot how to block the pain of hunger. Doug felt a horrible pain in her stomach. A pain mixed with a hollow feeling. She never realized how hungry she really was. All she can think about is is finding something to to rid the hollow feeling in her stomach. Anon sets a plate in front of her with a nice big juicy steak.
 
Doug quickly goes to work on the steak as Anon eats at a modest pace. Soon Doug has eaten most of her steak. She decides to slow down and ask Anon why is he helping her out instead of ignoring her like other rich people do. Anon explains that the poor are some of the wises people out their. Their wisdom comes from them not being corrupted by wealth. He also mentions that he asked a homeless man on advice for his business and it turn out very well for him.  
 
Anon also said that Doug is also way more charming than the girl Anon’s parents picked for him. She’s very snobby and spoiled while Doug is calm, nice, and a simple person with simple needs. While Anon is saying this Doug lost focus on chewing and started to chew with the “bad side” of her mouth. Her face goes blank as pain explodes from her mouth. Anon ask if she’s ok but Doug said that she’s fine. When she takes a drink from her glass Anon notices some blood in her water. He tells her to open her mouth now to see what’s wrong. Doug was hesitant but she opened her mouth for Anon. 
 
Anon took a look. Looking at her uncleaned teeth he saw in the back of her mouth a tooth with a cavity. He dragged Doug to the ship’s dentist to take care of it. Doug didn’t want to admit that she never brushed her teeth before along went to a dentist. Maybe they could fix it.
 
At the dentist Doug was shaking with anxiety. She took a seat in the chair. The dentist asked her to open her mouth. Doug opened her mouth nervously. The dentist used the hook to scrap plaque and tartar off her teeth before laying eyes on the cavity. 
 
He takes one look before telling Doug that he's going to have to pull it as it's that bad. He takes a cloth and a bottle of ether. He tells her to breath through the cloth. Doug follows and is soon out cold. The dentist goes in and with his pliers grabs onto the tooth and pulls it out. He now has Doug’s problem tooth in his hands. He looks at it and studies it. In the meantime Doug comes to. He shows her the tooth he removed from her. Doug starts playing around with her tongue in her mouth. She feel the area where her tooth was removed and notes how its no longer in pain.

The dentist lets her keep her tooth. On the way back to the room Doug studies her rotten tooth, looking at the cavity. Anon decides to let Doug spend the night in his room as Doug is still a little dizzy from the pain medicine the dentist gave her. 

Back at the room Doug took a seat in the chair. She looks a little dizzy but can keep up a conversation. Anon ask her about her life. She says that she was born in 1892 and has no memory of her parents. Anon steers Doug away from talking about her early life as to not cause her to be sad. She says that a wise old homeless man raised her. She could not afford to go to school so she stood outside a classroom window and followed along as best as she can. She was able to give herself an almost full education doing this. She can do math in her head. She also peaked in on an engineering class to learn engineering. She was able to steal a book and taught herself engineering at an advance level. She had all the time in the world so she was able to cram in more studying than the other students.

Anon asked her some engineering questions. Even in her dizzy state Doug answered every question with the correct answer. She asked for a pencil and a piece of paper as she wants to draw something. Anon givers her the pencil and paper and Doug starts to draw. She takes her time as she’s still a little dizzy. Line upon line she lays down on the paper. It looks to be a blueprint of some sort. Lines start to form shapes. Lines start to overlap each other. The drawing starts to take a technical form. Supports start to take shape. After some time Doug puts the pencil down. In front of you is a detailed blueprint of a part of the ship’s hull. It looks like an engineer drew it and not some homeless coyote girl.

You ask her how the ship is through her engineer view point. “Pretty good. But be careful as this ship is not unsinkable. It can stay afloat with 4 of its 16 compartments flooded, max. If any more flood then the water would flow over the bulk heads at the E deck and flood more and more compartments. If I’d design this ship I would have the bulkheads go all the way up. Besides that its really a nice ship.” said Doug.

Your amazed by this. A female engineer and shes a damn good one. Your company needs engineers. Shes a keeper. Way better than that bitch your parents are trying to hook you up with. Doug is very calm and mild mannered. Also a very simple person. Another thing is how pretty she is. Unlike the upper class women Doug is not chubby. She looks like she could beat up a lumber jack with ease. Hell if you got robbed she would kick their asses all the way to jail. She must have got her manners and strength from living out on the streets. Everyday things you take for granted, even the simplest of things are a luxury to her. Having something to eat is all she needs to be happy. 

You noticed something about the drawing. At the bottom she signed “RDW”. When you asked her what that meant she signed something below “RDW”. You look at it. It reads “Robin “Doug” Wylie”. Your amazed by that name. A cute name for a cute coyote. Robin gets a look of embarrassment on her face. To her someone knowing her real name is like someone knowing your embarrassing middle name. You tell her its a cute name and that she’s a cute coyote and that’s a good thing.

Its getting late and Robin is still dizzy from the dentist. You tell her that she can spend the night with you. She looks puzzled as there is only 1 bed. You tell her that she can sleep with you. You tell her that she needs to get comfy clothes to wear to bed as sleeping in her normal clothes would not be the best thing.

Robin thinks about what to wear when she decides that the white button up shirt she’s wearing is perfect. She strips down until she is only wearing that shirt. Its kinda long on her, coming down a tiny bit passed her butt. 

When she crawls into the bed she is amazed by how it feels. Its very soft, unlike the other 2 beds she slept in before. She crawls into bed with Anon. During the night Anon and Robin start to cuddle. Robin felt wet down south. She grabbed Anon’s hand and guided it to her crotch. Anon slid his hands into her. She was a virgin as she was still tight. Robin kept egging Anon on as her mind told her to not let him stop. She needed it. Anon kept going and going. Soon Robin felt a pressure building in her. At first she thought she need to take a piss. She told Anon to stop. Anon told her that she’s about to climax. 

Robin suddenly went stiff as Anon hit her G spot. She was moaning and panting. She was in heaven. Never has she felt this good. This made her exhausted. She was fast asleep in her soft, comfy cocoon. She felt safe. And loved.  

When the morning light peaked through the window Robin awoke and for the first time felt refreshed. She stretches and takes in the fresh morning air. She then heads to the bathroom to relieve herself. She then puts the rest of her clothes on and heads to her job of making sure the engines don’t stop doing their job.

                                                                   ---- ---------

you hear the sound of Robin getting ready for her job. When the door shut you went back to sleep. Suddenly you hear yelling. Then a smack. Then a bang, followed by soft whimpering. You open your door to the hallway to see your father and William Rammington, the father of the women your suppose to marry beating the life out of Robin. She’s curled up into a ball taking hit after hit all the while whimpering in pain. You yell at the men to shut up as your trying to sleep. When this is going on Robin slips away to safety.

When the 2 men walk away you motion to Robin to come to your room. She walks to your room with a limp. You motion for her to sit down as you inspect her for injuries. Nothings broken but just sore. You notice a cut on her face oozing thick red liquid. You grab some gauze to cover the cut when your door swings open. Your father and Mr. Rammington enter your room. They greet you before pausing after they see Robin. Shouting ensued. Robin curled into a ball and wrapped her tail around herself to hide. She was picked up by the neck. You father slammed her into the wall. He brought his fist up. “Beat that pee-on! Show him who’s boss!” Mr. Rammington shouts to your father.


Your father goes to grab her shirt to hold her in place so he can beat her. Your father notices something and drops Robin. “That coyote is a woman. We shouldn’t treat her like this.” said your father. Mr. Rammington pushes your father aside. “Then I’ll do it! I’ll kill this fucking reject! Little piece of fucking shit will regret being born!” shouted Mr. Rammington as he strangles the life out of Robin. You  shout at Mr. Rammington to let her go. He lets her go and Robin runs to you clinging onto you while shaking in fear.

Your father comes up to you to ask what’s up with the coyote girl knowing who you are. You tell him that you met her at the stern one night and stopped her from killing herself. your father gets a closer look at Robin. "Its ok. Don't worry. I won't hurt you." your father said to Robin to try and keep her from having a heart attack. "I've seen that fuck hole working in the engine room. I don't see why Anon should have stopped her from doing the world a favor by ending her useless life." Mr. Rammington said to the 3 of you.

Robin held onto you tighter. She started to shake even more. You tell Mr. Rammington to lower his voice. Mr. Rammington stopped talking and stayed quiet. You tell the 2 men that her name is Doug and she’s been homeless all her life. Hearing that Mr. Rammington gets an idea. “Tell you what, she can come to tomorrow’s dinner and if she shows proper manners I might considered not harming her in any ways.” Mr. Rammington says. You shake on the deal and the your father and Mr. Rammington leave.

As Mr. Rammington and your father leave you hear him chuckling with your father about how a homeless person like Doug would make an ass of themselves at dinner. You once more check Robin for any injuries. Thankfully nothing is broke, just sore like the last time. You decide to send a message down to the head engineer that Robin can’t work today as she got hurt.

With that done you both decide to take it easy today. You test Robin’s manners with the silverware. Your surprised by how good they are. Not a single mistake. Hell she didn’t even break a sweat. You asked her if she peeked in on a manners class. Turns out she did. Now she can put that time to use.

It was getting late as most of the time was spent making Robin feel calm and safe. Maybe tonight you might get some sweet fluffy coyote tail. You were right.

During the night Robin curled into a ball and was fast to sleep. Her tail flopped onto you so you decide to give it a hug. Its soft. Very soft. You feel her stir a little but then she starts cooing every time you petted her tail. You decide to grab a fell of her breasts. When you did she nuzzled you with her snout. “I love you Anon” slips from Robin’s lips.

In the morning the sun rises over the Titanic for the last time. You poke Robin to wake her up for the big day. You decide today is the day to show her how someone like you lives. You decide the Turkish baths would be the perfect start to the day.

In the Turkish baths Robin stretches out and relaxes. After the baths you teach her manners that the wealthy use. She picks them up quickly. Next she needs clothes. You thought about a dress for her but realized that you can’t find a dress to fit her and that she probably won’t like to wear a dress. You find a  suit of yours that fits her perfectly.

You sort out what she needs and she goes and gets dressed. After she got her pants and shirt on you help her with the bow tie. You notice how soft her fur is and also how smooth it is. After that she put on  some shoes and then put on a vest. All that is left is to oil her hair back. When finished you get a good look at her.


Blown away can’t even describe how she looks. It definitely fits and goes along with her personality. You almost forgot the belt. After helping her with it you give her a light tap on her butt and tell her that you wish her good luck. 

You both have some time to kill before dinner and Robin wants to show you something. She leads you to the back of the ship. Down the stairs to the lower decks. To a closet where the doorway to the engine room. Past the massive and loud engines. Up a ladder and to the top of the 4th funnel. There she tells you to look forward. Past the smoke of the other funnels you see it. The setting sun. Its so amazing. Its almost set. When it does set you both pull each other in for a long kiss. That was the last time Titanic saw the light of day.


Walking down to the dining area your eyes drift and stare at Robin’s hips swaying. She wags her tail at your face in a cute friendly manner while blushing. You pet her tail which causes her to blush even more. You both hide behind a corner to exchange a kiss.


Meanwhile on the bridge Captain Smith gets ready for dinner with Anon’s family and the Rammingtons. A messenger arrives to deliver a report of sailing conditions. “Another report of ice.” said Smith. He ordered an officer to increase speed to 22 knots.

You hold hands as you arrive to the dinning area. At the table are the Rammingtons, your family and the Captain of the ship. Mr. Rammington was ready to mock Robin and call her a failure. What he got was something else. 

A beautiful coyote came and sat down at the table. Mr. Rammington greeted Robin but paused because he didn’t know her name. You introduced her as Miss Robin Wylie. Mr. Rammington mumbled to himself that he couldn't believe a homeless girl had a pretty name.

Mr Rammington thought about making homeless jokes to Robin but decided to not to as it could put him in hot water, especially since the Captain is at the table. He decides to ask Robin some questions about the engines. He asked how much horsepower they had. “Well at normal full speed the 2 triple expansion 4 cylinder engines generate about about 15,000 horsepower each and at normal full the Parsons generates about 16,000 horsepower for a combined horsepower of 46,000 at normal full speed.” replied Robin.

Mr Rammington thought that her knowledge in engines would embarrass her in front of everyone. Instead the Captain praised her on her knowledge. He was amazed that a girl can understand all of that. Mr Rammington’s plan is falling apart. If Anon doesn’t marry his daughter he won’t be able to expand his wealth. He excuses himself as his daughter wants to talk to him in private.

Robin discusses her education and how she spied in on classes to learn. At the end of the night she was the focus of attention and the good type of attention.

Meanwhile Mr Rammington and his daughter discuss their little problem. His daughter points out how their plan for expanding the Rammington family wealth is starting to fall apart. “Don’t worry sweetie. By the end of tonight that dirty coyote will not be a problem” Mr Rammington said as he put his hands in his coat pocket and pulled out a pistol. He put it back in his pocket and the 2 went back to dinner.

Dinner went better than you planned. You both head back to your room. But waiting there was Mr Rammington and he looked ready to fight. You and Robin took off to get away from him. You and Robin ran down the stairs and through the halls then going down the stairs again to the steerage class level. You and her are caught in a dead end hallway but Robin notices a door. The both you enter the room and lock it before Mr Rammington can get in. He bangs on the door cussing to himself.

The room is fill with a loud noise. Covering your ears you ask Robin what to do now. Just then you notice an open hatch on the door with orange light and a thin trail of smoke coming out of it. You both decide to it. Down below stokers and trimmers are working hard to keep the fires roaring in the massive boilers.

A stoker notices the both of you and yells that you both can’t be down here as its too dangerous. You both run through the hatch waysas you both near the engine room Mr. Rammington has just made it into the forward boiler room. Robin locks the hatch to the engine room. You both run past the reciprocating engines then enter the Parsons turbine room. Robin finds a ladder that will lead the duo back up outside. You both take the ladder up and out. You both hug and kiss to celebrate your escape.

Meanwhile in the crows nest the 2 lookouts complain about the cold. Suddenly they stare forward. In front of the is a large white object. One of the lookouts rang the bell 3 times while the other picked up the phone to call the pilothouse. A crew member picked up the phone and asked what do they see.


“ICEBERG RIGHT AHEAD!”

The officer hung up and ran to officer at the helm. He ordered him hard to starboard. The officer at the helm started to turn the ship to starboard while another officer switched the engine telegraphs to reverse. Down in the engine room the hear engineer was chatting with a worker when he heard the telegraph ding. He looked at it and dropped everything. He then shouted full astern.

Back up in the pilot house the officer at the helm was still turning the wheel when it stopped and won’t move any further. He shouted hard over. Back in the engine room workers scramble around turning valves. In the boiler room the stoker light went to stop. The head fireman ordered the stokers to shut the dampers. The stokers then slammed the furnace doors shut and shut the dampers.

In the engine room the pressure to the engines started to drop. The head engineer ordered them to hold it there. The massive propellers began to slow down as the engines slowed down. When the engines slowed down enough the head engineer shouted his next words. 

“Now engage the reversing engine” he yelled. A worker complied by throwing a large leaver. The reversing gear caught a few workers by surprise. The engines grind to a stop and slowly move in reverse. The head engineer shoves a worker out of the way so he can open a valve faster. The engines start to pick up speed in reverse.

On the bridge the officers watch as they close in on the iceberg. One officer went to the bow to get a look. Titanic is turn away from the iceberg to slow down. In the engine room the massive engines pumped away in reverse while workers ran around opening valves. Back on the bridge the iceberg closed in. the officer on the bow ran back towards the pilot house shouting that its gonna hit.Titanic closed in on the iceberg.

Titanic hits and scrapes the iceberg. The whole ships shutters as the ship scrapes along the iceberg. The officer at the helm felt the wheel shake with the ship. First class passengers felt a tiny bit of shaking while 3rd class passengers where knocked out of there beds. 

Down below in the cargo holds hull plates buckled in with geysers of water blasting out of them. Back up on deck an officer ordered the officer at the helm hard to port. Back in the cargo hold Mr Rammington’s aids are caught by surprise by the torrent of water gushing towards them. The scamper away from the flooding.

Outside you and Robin are interrupted by falling ice on the deck. The both of you watch as a large white wall if ice passes by the ship. Down in the first boiler room the stokers are surprised by the torrents of water coming from the hall plates. The are swept off their feet as the torrent of water reaches the furnaces. Steam billows out of the furnaces filling the room with steam. 

The officer who was at the bow ran back in the pilothouse and flipped the switch to close the water tight doors. Back in the boiler rooms the alarm bell rang for the doors closing. The stokers ran to the nearest doors and escaped the flooding room. Others started to sprint to beat the doors. A stoker barely made it out before the door shut with a loud clunk. Others started to go find other ways out. Soon clunk after clunk signaled the doors shutting. Back in the pilot the officer who hit the switched watched the light board signaling all doors are shut.

Captain Smith came into the pilot house asking the officers what going on. The officer at the helm told him that it was an iceberg and that he tried to steer around it but that they hit. Smith ordered all engines stopped. He then went outside to look at the iceberg.

Outside the sound is deafening with steam being vented. Passengers look outside at the iceberg while others are kicking around chunks of ice. You and Robin go check out the commotion when you hear officers talking about hitting the iceberg. You and Robin decide to head back to your room.

While heading back you bump into a man carrying blueprints. He tells you that your needed. You and Robin follow him to that Captain’s room. In there he unrolls the blue print of the ship. “Boiler room 6 is flooded. This is very bad. VERY bad.” said the man with the blue prints. The Captain calls for Mr. Rammington as he is also an engineer. 

Once he’s here everyone starts talking about what’s going on. Mr Rammington asked what’s wrong with boiler room 6 being flooded. “Why is that a problem? We got 5 other boiler rooms. Also this ship is unsinkable.” said Mr Rammington.

Robin pointed out that the ship appears to only be able to stay afloat with 4 compartments flooded. The iceberg had ripped open 5. she also pointed out that with the water coming in that the pumps will only buy them minutes. Robin also said that if the flooding reports are correct that Titanic has an hour, maybe 2 hours max before its on the ocean floor.

Mr. Rammington interrupts Robin by saying why they should listen to her. “I don’t get why we should listen to her. After all she’s a female.” said Mr Rammington. Robin goes to speak again when Mr Rammington steps on her tail. Her face contorts from the pain from someone stepping on her tail but she remains calm.

She goes on to explain that there aren't enough life boats to get everyone off, not even by half. Mr Rammington suggest leaving 3rd class passengers behind while the rest go in the life boats. This suggestion earns Mr Rammington a nasty glare from Robin. 

Robin suggest that they load women and children first and maybe when they all get off a ship might be near to pick up the rest. Mr. Rammington still doesn’t believe that Titanic is sinking. He help fund her construction. The crew members get ready to go alert passengers and keep them calm even though every second Titanic takes on more and more water.

You and Robin head back to your room to ready yourselves to get off the ship. Once at your room Robin grabs a bag and stuffs her old clothes into it and ties it shut. She then takes a rope and ties it to the bag then to a belt loop on her pants. She explains to you that she should go and warn the 3rd class passengers as its her duty to do so.

Meanwhile 3rd class passengers have awoken and find that water is coming into their rooms from the hall. They start to follow the rats to dry land.

Back at your room Mr Rammington enters the room. He says he want to talk to Robin. He wants to apologize to her about all the mean things he said. He also asked her if she wants to go on a walk to make things up. Robin agrees to go on the walk. They both leave the room to go on the walk.

During the walk Mr Rammingion is asking Robin about her life. As Robin talks about herself Mr Rammington says that he wants to see if he could assist any 3rd class passengers. He says that he feels bad for them after what he said about them eariler and wants to make up by helping. Robin agrees and
they both head down below.

Once there they find an empty room. Mr Rammington ask Robin to check that room incase someone is in there. Robin enters the room and looks around. She finds no one. She turns around to tell him that its empty. What she sees next is the door slamming shut. She tries to open the door but it won’t budge.

Outside Mr Rammington jams the door with a chair. He chuckles to himself about how doomed Robin is. He can hear she scratching at the door. He leaves and heads to your room. He makes a panic look on his face and runs to your room.

He burst through the door. He finds you and tells you that he lost Robin. He said he saw her run away but was unable to follow. He finds your father’s coat and takes your father’s money out and your fathers pocket watch. 

Your father comes back into the room and puts his coat back on. He notices the missing items. He asked where they went. Mr Rammington says he don’t know. He acts surprised. He next says that Robin must have stolen them as she bolted away from him. Your father orders Robin to be brought to him so he can punish her and get his stuff back.

Back in the room Robin was in water had started to enter. Robin gets even more nervous every second. She looks around for a way to get out. In doing so she finds a suit case. She opens it to find more clothes. Mixed with the clothes are a few sewing needles. She puts them in her pocket for later.

Meanwhile you and your father fight about what happened to the stuff in his pocket. He tells you that he had a feeling that Robin was a thief. He and Mr Rammington make their way outside when a crew member stops them. He asked if they are talking about Miss Wylie. When they say yes the crew member asked them to follow him to the radio room.

When they get there the crew member pulled a crumpled piece of paper out of the trash can and hands it to them. When your father and Mr Rammington uncrumple it they got Robin’s wanted poster. They look at it then are ushered outside.

Meanwhile the water was up to Robin’s waist. She can see the water is up to the porthole. She is trying to figure a way out when it hits her. If she rams into the door it would break open as the water level outside the door is higher, over her head. Its risky but its worth a shot.

She walks to the back of the room and runs towards the door. It burst open when she hits it. Water rushes in quickly going over her head. She holds her breath and swims out the door before coming up for air. Once she got some air she swam out and found dry land. She got out of the water and began looking for a way to escape the sinking ship.