Chapter 1
> When the rusted gate opened on squealing hinges, she couldn't even gather the energy to go look.
> When the sound of armored boots started to approach up the stone spiral staircase, she sighed a little sigh of resignation. If she was lucky his one would just leave like the others, then she wouldn't have to clean up the mess afterwards. Blood was a bitch to get out once it stained.
> She was the dragon of this keep after all, but it had become such a bore after all these years.
> When the heavy wooden creaked open, then she turned, pulling her attention from the yellowed and well loved storybooks. Time to get this over with...
> In the doorway stood a young knight, clad in a set of shining mail, and sporting a shield emblazoned with the sigil of a Phoenix. He wasn't wearing a helm, his dark hair hung freely back down to his shoulders, a small beard adorned his face, he couldn't be more than in his early twenties...
> "Dragon!" he called. "I am Sir Anon! Knight errant from the realm known as The Trashlands! I have come for the fair maiden held prisoner here! Bring her forth!"
> She had heard this announcement, or at least every variation of it going at least, so many times now... Time to put him out of his misery.
> "Your out of luck knight, there's no maiden here. You're too late."
> Somewhat deflated, the knight pressed on.
> "Oh... What do you mean? Where is she then?"
> The dragoness crossed her scaled arms and sighed.
> "She's already been rescued, about eight years past now by my count. Sneaky bugger snuck in through the back when I was asleep and they did a runner before I awoke."
> The knight stood there a bit dejectedly, at a loss what to do with himself with his quest now foiled.
> "But... She cant be..."
> She gave him a pitying look and sat back down at her desk.
> "You're out of luck Sir Knight, last I heard she had settled down with Sir Chaddicus and gotten married a few kingdoms over, have a couple of kids too so I hear."
> The knight continued to stand and stare for a moment, at a loss what to do with himself.
> "If the maiden is gone then why are you still here? The bard said that she would only be free when the wyrm was slain..."
> The dragon slumped in her seat, the aged wood creaking under her generous frame.
> "The wizard that bound the girl here did the same to me. She could only leave by the hands of a gallant knight coming to her rescue. I am bound here until also released by a knight, in battle for the maiden no doubt. That Sir Chaddicus really stiffed me by sneaking past like that. I'm stuck here, can't leave, no maiden to guard, and of the long line of knights who came before you most left when there was no prize to be had. Some tried their hand at killing me just for the sake of it, and their bones ended up in the moat."
> "Oh..." was all Anon could say. When he didn't immediately leave or draw his weapon however, she raised a scaled brow and became curious.
> "So... What will you do now Sir Anon? I wont stop you from leaving if you want, but if you want to have a go at slaying me I have to warn you, the curse wont let me just roll over and take it. I will fight back."
> He still just stood there, staring at the floor, much to her annoyance.
> "Well? Which is it? Go or fight! Don't just stand there! I've got things to be doing!"
> When he did return her stare, he looked... sad?
> "Forgive me..." he muttered. "A bard told me to come. He said the love of my life awaited and I would meet my destiny here. If what you say is true then I am lost... It does not matter where I go."
> She caused him to jump with a bark of dry laughter.
> "Bah! Destiny! Fate! A pile of horse dung!"
> "I have read of such things in these story books these long years to ease my solitude. They tell of how each young maiden has a brave knight waiting to sweep them off their feet in gallant rescue! The story doesn't come true for all though. Not for all..."
> She uttered that last part in a bitter whisper, drawing Sir Anon's attention.
> Now, the men of The Trashlands were a peculiar breed. Their hearts were full and their honor second to none, yet they were shunned by the wider world for having somewhat... deviant tastes. He looked at the saddened dragoness with an appraising eye, the exact wording of the bard coming to mind. He had sung of the keep, the maiden and the dragon, but he hadn't actually said it was the maiden who would be waiting come to think of it...
> The dragoness had been a full seven foot tall at least while standing, covered in slick blood red scales, two arms and legs in the shape of a human but with clawed hands and feet instead of fingers and toes. From her neck down, the scales were of a golden hue, covering her chest, abdomen and running down between her legs. A thick swishing tail erupted from her lower back, rivaled only by her wide hips in the competition for his eyes.
> Upon her elongated neck perched her large scaled head. A long snout lined with razor sharp teeth, two ivory horns poking out from the top, and a pair of the saddest green eyes that Anon had ever witnessed.
> As she sat in the sagging wooden chair, her head held in her clawed hands, Anon could describe her in but a single deviant word; lovely.
> "Tell me my lady dragon..." he began, drawing her interest. "When this wizard set his curse upon you, did he actually say you had to be slain in battle? In those words?"
> She looked at him in confusion, not quite understanding why he asked.
> "He only said that it was by the hands of a knight that I would be set free, I assumed that meant battle?"
> Anon smiled.
> "I have an idea my lady..."
> "If you would accompany me down to the gates there is something I would like to test..."
> She narrowed her eyes for a second, trying to work out what this odd human had in mind.
> "I will come human, but if this is some trick to try and claim my head for your wall... I will not be amused."
> With another smile and a wave of his hand, Anon ushered her to the door.
> "Rest assured my lady, it is not your head that I seek to claim..."
> Intrigued, she couldn't help but follow.

> At the rusted gate, the two stood. With some degree of weariness did the knight realize that the oddly shaped collection of rocks in the moat were actually the skulls of his predecessors. He really hoped this worked.
> "We are here knight. What is it you would show me?" She inquired, a little lacking in patience but curious all the same.
> Stepping over the boundary, he turned and posed a question.
> "Tell me, what happens should you try and leave the castle boundaries?"
> With a frown she chose to demonstrate. Moving forwards she tried to take a step towards him. Some invisible force stopped her short, causing her to shudder in pain before quickly retreating.
> "I am bound to this place human." She said sadly. "If you are not here to end my misery then please just go, and leave me to my books."
> As she turned to leave however, the knight grabbed hold of her hand, freezing her in place with shock.
> "What are you-"
> "I have an idea!" He interrupted, excitement in his voice. "If I free you from this place, if I promise to be your rescuing knight... Will you be my maiden?"
> She stared at him, mouth agape, as she tried to fathom what he had asked.
> "What madness is this human!?! Why would you ask this of a dragon of all things?"
> The knight simply smiled.
> "The bard told me that I would find my love here, I had thought he meant the maiden, but she is long gone and I instead find someone far more lovely waiting. 
> At first she didn't respond, fully taken aback by the knight's brazen request. Eventually she found her voice once more.
> "Why would I want to go with a strange human? What makes you think that I would even want to be 'rescued' by a human of all things?"
> Sir Anon was unperturbed.
> "I offer you but a choice fair lady, you can stay here with your solitude... or you can come journey with me."
> It didn't take her long to decide.
> "Very well human... Anon. If you can free me from this place then... I will be your maiden.
> "First things first however, what is your name fair lady?" he asked.
> "My name is... Ezra."
> " An enchanting name for an enchanting creature." Anon responded with a bow.
> Then, with a clap of his hands, he wrapped his arms around her waist and flung her over his shoulder.
> She yelped in surprise, but it was over before she could respond, violently or otherwise. 
> With a start she realized that she was over the boundary, he had lifted her up and carried her over the invisible threshold. She was free!
> As he continued to carry her down the path, somehow making short work of her larger size. She began to feel a little shiver of excitement herself, at the prospect of what this strong young human might do to her.
> For the first time in eight years, she was glad she had just eaten the maiden instead of waiting...

Chapter 2
> She let him keep carrying her for a while, wondering perhaps if he had made camp nearby to the old keep. When he just kept walking however, she got a little concerned.
> "Anon?" she asked with a chuckle. "I'm much impressed with your stamina... but how long are you going to keep walking like this? With little old me slung over your shoulder?"
> In response, he stopped, but didn't immediately speak. The reason became apparent however when he gently placed her down upon her feet.
> His face was soaked with sweat. With it being a hot summers day, his still being clad in full mailed armor and carrying his not unsubstantial prize... He was overheating.
> "Oh my..." she said with a coo. "Looks like your getting a little hot under the collar there... Why the rush?"
> "Well..." huffed the out of breath Anon. "I got a little carried away there... I had set my camp quite a way from the keep so that the dra-... I mean you, couldn't see me coming. I had hoped to reach it sooner rather than later..."
> "Oh... Why so eager to get me back to your camp Sir Anon?" she gasped in mock innocence. "Do you have some desperate need for a dragoness such as myself to serve there?"
> At this he blushed, visible even through the red of his still flushed face.
> "Ah... My lady! Please do not think me as some guileless beast dragging you back to his den! I was merely conscious of the issues that might arise should another traveler..."
> "Oh." She huffed, in now very real disappointment. "Is that the only reason? Well that's what I get I suppose for taking up with a knight... So where is your camp exactly?"
> Looking a bit confused but still eager to be off the road, he pointed south.
> "Just another hour or so walk that way and just within the trees, next to the bank of the river."
> "Oh really?" she asked, a toothy grin appearing on her face. "I know a faster way..."
> With a crackling sound and a swish of swirling air, two golden, leathery wings stretched out from behind her. In the excitement Anon had somehow missed the tightly folded appendages, or perhaps they hadn't been used in so long they had started to blend in with her scaly back. Either way, the knight was awestruck.
> Relishing how he gazed upon her, Ezra quickly scooped up the gawping Anon and shot up into the sky. Each beat of her mighty wings propelling them higher and higher.
> Even as she held his armor securely in her claws, Anon clung to her waist as tightly as he could. It was not particularly comfortable, but she actually found it to be in a good way...
> It only took a short time to locate the river, and less again to follow it to where he had made camp. With a final swoop, enjoying the freedom denied her for so long, she set him down and returned to earth.
> "That... was incredible Ezra!" the knight sputtered excitedly. "I never thought it possible to see the world as the birds do, you are truly magnificent!"
> It was his turn to be concerned however, as the dragoness had folded in her wings but was visibly fatigued. Her body slumping slightly.
> "What is wrong my lady?" he cried, rushing to her aid. The response he received however was altogether different to gratitude.
> Her clawed hand snapped out and grabbed him by the collar, pulling him in close to those razor teeth.
> "You were heavier than I thought with all that armor on... I have not flown for some time and now I am weary. Where is your bed?"
> Yet again taken aback by her directness, he could only point to where his tent was, hidden away from sight behind some bushes.
> Instead of releasing him however, she began dragging him towards it.
> "My lady... I mean Ezra. What are you doing?" he asked uneasily, not used to being pulled about quite so much.
> "Its time for sleep." she responded. "Time to decide who's on top."
> "Wait, what?" was all he could say, suddenly digging his heels into the ground and causing her to turn, surprised.
> "What are you doing Anon?" she asked, looking more than a little annoyed. "If we are to be as mates then it has to be decided who is on top. It is the way."
> "What way?" he responded, altogether quite confused now. "We've only just met! I didn't expect... I mean you're beautiful but... I thought..."
> His muddled thoughts and sentences came to a halt when the annoyed dragoness whipped her long tail into the ground with a mighty 'crack'.
> "You asked me to be your maiden, to come and journey with you. I said yes. We are as mates now. Dragons do not mate as humans do, we do not wait and blunder. We decide at the start who is on top, the dominant, and who is below, the follower. This is our way. I am tired so we will do it now. Then we sleep."
> It was all matter of fact, like she was explaining the changing of the season to a child, but there was little doubt what she wanted.
> Anon was a man of honor. Taught that a lady must be courted properly before thinking such things... To share his bed with this enchanting creature so soon after meeting was... unthinkable! It was almost as bad as just walking up to her and outright asking her to hold hands!
> Yet... As she stood there, crimson and gold scales sparkling in the slowly dimming daylight, with what could only be described as hunger in those big green eyes...
> "Very well then!" he said, deciding his fate. "We shall do things as the dragons do!"
> When she didn't immediately release her grip however, he began to worry what he had just let himself in for.
> "So... what now?" he inquired.
> Her toothy grin came back, setting a chill of ice in his gut and a flame of excitement in his loins.
> "Lose the armor. Now."
> As she drew closer to him, the hunger in her eyes growing more intense, Anon was beginning to think it might be better keeping the armor on... 
> As he began to fumble with the buckles, her hunger, and impatience grew. With a flick of her claws several pieces of mail dropped away, the armor was no match for a dragon's razor talons.
> Despite some grumbles from Anon about the cost of blacksmithery these days, she soon had what he wasn't fast enough to remove off of him. He was down to his undergarments, and they didn't last long either.
> Anon was beginning to worry that she was going to continue peeling away until she hit bone, the look in her eyes now almost ravenous. So he did the only thing he could think of.
> He booped her in the snoot with a finger.
> She snapped out of her trance like state, her slitted pupils focusing on him again with a bit more clarity.
> "What did you-?" she began, but Sir Anon had decided to try take some control.
> He reached up and planted a kiss on the tip of her long snout, she lacked the lips of a human woman but he was determined to show his affection with his own.
> Next, he planted another lower down towards the bottom of her jaw, then another at the base of her long neck, where it met the shoulder.
> In response he was rewarded by a little hiss of pleasure from her. It encouraged him to continue working his way down.
> With each kiss, he moved a little lower, and took a step towards the tent. Slowly he led her, hissing happily, towards where he had stashed his bed roll.
> When he had reached her stomach, she reached down and stopped him.
> "S-stop for a moment Anon." she whispered. "There is more to tell before we continue...'
> In truth, Anon had been using the kissing as a distraction. His manhood had been caught off guard by her lusty advances and he had needed time to convince it something much better than death was coming. It had taken heed, standing to rapt attention. This new interruption now that he was ready was frustrating.
> "When my kind mates the first time, it is a contest of wills." She explained.
> The knight wasn't sure he liked the sound of a that... A contest of wills between a man and a dragon could only end one way surely.
> As she began to explain, the knight took his cue to pull out the bedding and lay it out upon the grass. Something told him that the inside of his tent might not be spacious enough for what Ezra had planned.
> "The way we dragons decide dominance is simple. While we couple, we will be competing to break the other's will. If you break first and release your seed, I will have proven the stronger. If you break me however, if my body submits to yours... Then I will submit, and be yours entirely."
> Anon wasn't sure he liked this talk of breaking... but the thought of having this mighty example of scaled womanhood be willfully his... Someone call a jewelers! This man's dick is now pure diamond!
> With the bedding now set, Anon turned back to Ezra, preparing himself for the trials to come.
> The dragoness however had no intention of playing fair. She sent him sprawling down onto the ground with a forceful shove to his chest. Then she was on him.
> Anon found himself pinned on his back, Ezra sat upon his chest facing his legs. He tried to move but she held him fast, his arms were free but they did little to aid him now. She was in control.
> She bent forwards, her longer neck craning to make up for her longer body. He felt her hot breath on his manhood as she drew close, he could see nothing past her swishing tail and shapely rump. He knew exactly what she was doing however as she started to inhale deeply.
> She took in as much of his musk as she could, savoring the scent of her prey. As a result Anon felt the blazing heat on his chest grow in intensity, and a trickle of something wet spreading out with it.
> She didn't give him time to prepare or adjust, he felt a long slimy tongue slowly work its way from the base of his penis to his pulsing head...
> As Anon moaned and writhed under her not so gentle lapping, she moved things up a gear and coiled her impossibly long tongue around his shaft, sucking and slurping away quite happily while somehow keeping her prize from getting caught in her sharp teeth.
> Even in his ecstasy Anon knew what she was up to. At this rate he would blow without so much as a peep from her... She was fighting dirty, well so could he.
> Despite her size, Anon had found a way to move her from her perch. All he needed was an opening.
> "Ezra?" he wheezed. "Is that dragon over there a friend of yours?"
> Such a simple ruse shouldn't have worked on a creature such as she, but dragons were a territorial lot so she couldn't help but lift her head to look, and free her prey from accidentally getting snagged on a tooth in the process.
> With a mighty heave, Anon grabbed her hips and pulled her up his chest, her own arousal providing the necessary lubricant for him to shift her weight.
> With a surprised snarl her head fell forward as she collapsed onto his legs, her prize now trapped under her own mass as Anon was was preparing for... Something.
> "That not fair human!" she snarled. "Let me up this in-"
> Her complaints ended in an undignified squeak as a new sensation rippled up from between her legs. Anon was returning her opening gambit in earnest! His own tongue now going to work on her most private parts.
> The good Sir Knight had pinned her on top of him, an arm around each thigh, pressing her dripping nethers to his lips. His tongue danced across her scaled slit, revealing the dragon's cave within as it swelled and opened to meet him.
> Ye Gods! Her juices graced his tongue like the nectar of the gods themselves! He lapped it up greedily. As he pressed in deeper she bucked and squeaked, not a very dragon like noise come to think of it... 
> Ezra wasn't one to sit back and accept defeat though, although her plan to escape his heavenly grasp did involve some sitting.
> Instead of trying to pull away she pushed back, sitting fully upon his face. The base of her thick tail resting lazily upon his forehead. This was something of a double edged sword however, she succeeded in cutting off his air supply with her shapely behind but his desperate gasps for breath inevitably sent fresh tremors of pleasure up through her body as his mouth worked against her.
> Just as she feared she would lose, he released his grip from her thighs and she launched herself from him.
> Anon lay panting upon the ground, Ezra stood shakily a few steps away, a fresh trickle of juices running down her leg.
> She began to circle him now, a bit more weary of the tricksy human and his golden tongue. The knight remained on the ground, poised and ready.
> Both now fully engaged in an alternate game of cat and mouse. Both seeking to be the cat, yet also yearning to be the mouse.
> As she lunged forward, he rolled to the side and sprung to his feet, they connected mid-air and tumbled down once more.
> After a brief tussle, Ezra was once again on top. She had a look of almost feral desire in her eyes, one now matched by the prone Anon.
> "No more playing!" she panted. "Now we settle it!"
> Anon smiled up at her and grabbed on to her scaled hips.
> "Ready when you are sweet." he grinned. "Come at me."
> Matching his grin, she lifted herself up and began to slide herself down onto his waiting erection.
> Between the frenzy he had worked her up into and the thorough coating of saliva she had left behind, there was ample lubrication for him to slip into her. With a mutual hiss, they became as one.
> Anon's head spun as his member buried itself in her burning hot folds, her taloned toes curled as she felt herself filled with the larger than expected man meat.
> She began to ride the human pinned below, slowly at first, as if to test his reactions. As he squeezed her sizable cheeks in his hands, he also bucked in time with her movements, keeping pace and matching her energy.
> With a mix of frustration and growing excitement, she realized he wasn't going to break easily, he would make her work for it. The thought caused her smile to widen further still.
> She began to ride him with renewed vigor, determined to make this human knight hers. A thought occurred as she panted and hissed, perhaps actions alone wouldn't be enough...
> "When I break you..." she whispered. "I will have you build me my own keep. There you will gather a hoard worthy of a dragon! Gold and jewels and finery to rival the hoards of legend!"
> In her revelry she gave him all the opportunity he needed to turn the tables. Anon flipped her over so suddenly and with such force that she was on her back before she knew it. There was fire in his eyes now, they burned for her.
> "Is that so?" he panted, even as he pulled her long legs over his shoulders. "Well what shall I have you do when you are mine? Shall I have you raze my enemies? Shall you carry me aloft through the clouds so that I might experience the world as the birds do?"
> With each suggestion he thrust himself deeper inside, pounding her throbbing opening harder and faster. She moaned and writhed, suddenly powerless to the human's passionate onslaught. She was close, the fire he had set in her loins threatening to consume her. She had to take back control!
> With a bestial roar she pushed him back, sending him hurtling onto the grass behind. Even as he blinked in surprise, she was already back on him. Claws raking his chest and drawing blood. He didn't scream however, the pain seeming to heighten his experience.
> She mounted him once more, caring little for subtlety now.
> "You will be mine Anon!" she screamed.
> She worked the human like a woman possessed, she needed him to break! She needed to feel his seed inside!
> "When you're mine you will sire my brood!" she screeched.
> As her own words sunk in through her lust fuddled mind, she stopped, shocked by her outburst. It was all the opening he needed.
> He began bucking up into her with renewed purpose, his hands flying over her scales as he tried to touch as much of her as possible. Then he dropped what be the killing blow.
> "When you are mine Ezra! I will make you my bride!"
> Her eyes widened in shock at his words, her breath catching in her throat.
> "What did you-?"
> His next thrust stripped away the last of her resolve, her climax erupting with a force she hadn't been prepared for.
> As she lifted her head to the sky and screamed, her wings shot out from behind, the rippling waves of pleasure causing her to lose control.
> Anon chose that moment to finally reach his own limit. With a moan of pleasure he found release, and coated her quivering walls with his thick human seed.
> The sensation set off another screaming orgasm within Ezra, her back arched and her tongue lolled from her mouth.
> Finally she collapsed upon him, exhausted and spent. She was a panting wreck, and she was his.
> As the dragoness lost her grip on consciousness, Anon gently rolled her from her position on top and lifted her back over to the bedroll.
> He laid her down, climbed in next to her and wrapped her up in his arms.
> As his own exhaustion took its toll, he let sleep carry him away. The feeling of her smooth scales both alien and comforting.
> In this moment, broken only by the sound of their breathing, Ezra mumbled something into Anon's ear.
> "I am yours now... master."
> "No." he responded. "We are each other's, love."
> Daylight had long since retreated into night. In the balmy darkness, sleep finally took them.

Epilogue

> Some time later...
> It had been slim pickings for the Cuckle brothers. Since setting up on this particular stretch of road there had been little in the way of travelers, much fewer than a trio of respectable bandits needed to get by anyway.
> So when they spotted a lone knight casually wandering along, a whistle on his lips and a large sack slung over his shoulder, they couldn't resist.
> The two eldest brothers set out to block his path while the youngest moved to block the way he had come.
> "Halt traveler!" called the eldest. "There's a toll on this road, ten gold pieces or the equivalent. No exceptions!"
> The knight stopped in his tracks, a smirk on his face.
> "There is no toll on these roads stranger!" he called. "I will not be parting with any gold this day! Stand aside!"
> The three brothers were unimpressed, they outnumbered their quarry and he was lightly armed.
> "What's in the bag?" demanded the middle brother, standing in front of the knight with the eldest.
> "What this?" chuckled the knight, before dropping the sack to the floor. Out spilled a kings' ransom in gold, silver and other treasures. Enough for a family of bandits to happily retire on anyway.
> The three brothers' jaws dropped in unison, and all three drew their blades.
> "There are three of us and one of you!" jeered the eldest. "Drop your weapon and on your knees!"
> The knight continued to smile, if anything it became a little wider.
> "Really?" He laughed. "I only count two of you..."
> Sure enough, the younger bandit was no longer sneaking up behind. He was nowhere to be seen.
> The remaining two stood still and scanned their surroundings, but there was no sign.
> As the eldest pointed his blade at the knight, a shadow slipped across the sun, it was for barely a second but it was enough to draw his attention upwards.
> Nothing but open sky greeted him, the sound of his other brother's scream cut short turned him back down to earth...
> He spun around to see his remaining brother fall to the ground in pieces, a large dragon standing amidst the carnage.
> He tried to scream, but the air itself combusted as a stream of dragon fire engulfed him. His agony was mercifully short.
> "Can I not leave your side for even a few days beloved without you attracting trouble?" huffed the dragoness grumpily, smoke and embers still drifting from her maw.
> The knight chuckled and gathered up the spilled riches back into the sack.
> "Come now sweet, I was never in any danger. I knew you were watching."
> She huffed again and stalked over to him, her annoyed expression soon melted however as he pulled her clawed hand into his own.
> "I am curious though, if you are here then where are the young ones?" he asked, planting a kiss upon her snout, seemingly unperturbed by the gore left over from the bandit.
> "They grow up so much faster than human children Anon." she cood. "They are happy back at home, our eldest is reading them a story."
> She extended her great wings and prepared to take off.
> "Come beloved, I will carry you the rest of the way."
> Anon simply shook his head and smiled.
> "Actually why don't we walk? It is a fine day and it will give us time to catch up before we get home."
> She folded her wings back behind her and returned the smile.
> "Of course, a fine idea! I do enjoy your tales! What did you bring me this time?"
> With that they started walking back towards their home and family, hand in hand, enjoying each others company. The burning human remains quickly forgotten.
> Such a pair shouldn't have been. Happily chatting away in the noonday sun. Yet you would have to travel far and wide to find a happier couple than this, the knight and the dragoness.
Fin