(I had to do something other than write drama so have a shitpost idea, but low effort and polish)
(Based on a conversation with someone when I told them about some cut ideas from WKW)
[100% NOT CANON]

"Saki," the six tailed Hibiki whines, "do I really have to do this?"

The older, more patient Saki nods. "Egil has agreed to let you spar with him."

Standing atop the mats stacked two thick in the center of the hall, I watch the sisters. The six-tail, with her sharp eyes and scowling mouth, looks filled with fire and spite. "What is there to learn from him!"

Saki folds her arms. "Little sister, do not dishonor our guest. There is much you can learn from him."

"I'm nearly as skilled as you, elder sister," Hibiki snaps back. "What can I possible learn from someone who had his arm broken to a single kappa."

My shield arm itches thinking about being back in that sling, but I ignore. I cast a glance at Saki, wondering if she told anyone aside from Rin about our fight against the kappa at their nest.

"He fought it in the water and won," Saki says. "Consider him skilled as a yamabushi. Remember what I taught you."

Hibiki's mouth twitches in a sneer, but she contorts her expression into something half-resembling respect. "Learn from the wind, the sky, the rivers, and the land."

"Egil is a man who has crossed more land than you've ever dreamed of, little sister. Go and spar with him."

"As you say," Hibiki bows. She hides her sneer by turning back to Saki and coming toward me.

I give her the best bow I can, not daring to underestimate someone trained by Saki. The six-tail returns the gesture, curtly, and takes a stance I've seen from Saki before. Side to me, one arm out, leading foot light on the ground. My response is to hunch forward and charge at her.

I hear a scoff from the kitsune as she whirls out of my way, but that sound doesn't last when my forearm catches her in the stomach. She tumbles back, rolling over the mats and onto her feet. I take a step back, ready to bow in respect, but she's already rushing me. I fend off several jabs, slapping down on her strikes, only to have the back of my knee kicked. I stumble but refuse to go down, trying to drive my shoulder into her.

The world spins as she wraps around me, the grapple fierce and throwing us to the mats. It's a roll of grasping hands and struggling limbs, but she got the better position from the start. Her arms get around my neck, the kitsune laying on her back with me on top of her, her legs wrapped around mine to keep me from escaping. She's even got one of my arms pinned, and the way she clasps her arms together I can't pry them apart. The pressure is intense, my head rushing with fury and animal panic, but I can still breathe. I focus on staying in control, on keeping myself from ripping her fur out grasping for eyes with my one free hand.

"See," Hibiki whispers right into my ear. "Nothing I can learn from a man so weak. But you know, a weak man isn't so bad. As long as he knows his place."

The tightness increases, my back bending as I try everything I can think of to get away without causing serious harm to her or me. "So pathetic," she mutters. "You can't escape this. But don't worry, if you ask nicely, next time I can use my legs. You men seem to like that," she says, nipping my ear while ruffling my hair.

"Egil!" Saki shouts. "Tap out or stop being kind!"

The desperate, vicious fighter in me takes that as permission. Vision dark and pinpricks of light swimming within, I swing my free arm, my strong sword arm, at the nose by my ear. There's a rewarding shock against my knuckles and startled yipe, a second blow getting the arms around my neck to loosen. She moves out of the way on the third, but I feel my hand hit something, and I can finally move.

Flipping us over, the kitsune clinging to me and fighting to regain her chokehold, my fingers wrap around her forearms and squeeze. Battle pounding in my veins, I stand up and yank her off of me. She moves with it, flipping and landing her feet. Hibiki cries out, trying to kick me in the side, and gets the breathe driven out of her when I barrel a shoulder into her stomach.

There's a roar and scream as I rush, lifting the kitsune up and running at the wall. Her tails try to cushion the slam, but with my weight and fury behind the tackle, the wood gives out. Boards splinter as we crash into the room behind the false wall, Hibiki stunned from experience. I'm not. I get on top of her, fist raising to slam her skull against the ground, when something soft and strong wraps around my upraised arm.

"It's okay," Saki murmurs behind me, her tails coiling around my chest as she holds my hand. "You're safe, Egil."

I breathe hard, fear and need to end the threat hammering inside my ribs. The calm, unyielding presence enveloping me lets me get enough of myself back that I can nod. Saki helps me stand up, patting me on the shoulder. She looks between the hole I made in the wall to Hibiki sprawled out on the floor of the storage room.

The six-tail stares wide eyed at the ceiling, her mouth wide as she whispers something to herself. I'm guided out, and sat down by a pillar so I can shake it off.

(--3rd person POV shift--)

"Do you still believe Egil is weak?" Saki asks, crouching down by Hibiki.

The six-tail weakly shakes her head. "No," she gasps.

"Good," Saki says, patting her sister on the shoulder. The eight-tail walks back out the hole their guest put in the wall, while Hibiki stars up at the beams above.

"That was," she mutters, remembering how small she felt clutched in that monstrous grasp, "that was interesting."

Ideas swirl in her head, as the six-tail wonders what other surprises lay in that foreigner. Her senses rattled, she contemplates how interesting it might be to have him pinning her down.