The harsh snowstorm pricked needles into Alton’s face as he continued to trudge through the thick snow. All he carried under his thick pelts were a few knives, a compass, and some smaller pelts he would use as pouches to keep his findings in. All he needed for his trip out into the wilderness. The journey was made every few days to look for food and scavenge for any other necessities. Despite the danger, he also felt he would lose his sanity if he stayed huddled in the small cave he called home. 

The storm was coming down harder than usual, he couldn’t see more than a few feet in front of him. Though, slogging through the perpetual snowstorm provided more stimulation than staying in the empty grey walls of his cave. The snow didn’t stop, but it didn’t stay around either. Where it goes, Alton didn’t know. He would think about the snow for days at a time. Sometimes for a week straight, but he couldn’t come to a conclusion. It’s all he would think about at this point. He had been stuck in this sub-zero anomaly for years, and since forgotten the grassy plains of his valley homeland, and the crystal-clear waters of the river down the hill, and the small forest a few miles away...

It was all grey fuzz in his mind now. A vague recollection of his past life being replayed every few days. A result of the endless amount of times he had forgotten and remembered the time before the snow. He grew numb to it. The years of isolation, the years of fear over getting lost in the snow, and the years of almost dying in the endless icy bedding, he grew to accept it all. That was his life, and if he was going to die there, so be it. At that point, he was only prolonging the inevitable. For what reason, he did not know. 

He continued his trek forward. The journey aimed for a forest a few hours from his cave-home, a forest he had seen many times. Even without any signs that he was going anywhere, his mind had memorized this exact pathway. The sight of the foggy snow storm had been burned into his mind. The movement of his limbs felt like clockwork, and didn’t dare to diverge from the path. Each step of his old boots into the deep snow left temporary tracks. By the time he would start his journey back, they would have disappeared completely. 

A quick glance around him revealed no signs of his destination, but he knew he was close. With a deep breath he continued onward. All he saw was snow. Cold, bleak snow. He had grown past the monotonous sight of it all. Now he was losing his time to it. Looking at it for hours at a time, for days on end. What else can he do? Die in the endless, white hell? 

What good would that do? 

He didn’t know why he didn’t try that. It would be an easy escape, but he just couldn’t bring himself to try it. Was it a fear of the snow, or a fear of death? He couldn’t figure it out. He asked that question every day, but he couldn’t get a clear answer, even after his mental arguments.

It didn’t take long for the forest to come into view. Plain, stagnant pine trees for as far as the eye could see. In an excited burst of energy, he ran towards the wooded area. It’s something he usually did when he saw the forest. He didn’t know why, it might be because it was something different than the tundra storm or the dark cave. Or it might be because it was the destination. The afternoon sky brought foggy light down on the pine trees from above the storm. It made for the most beautiful scenery possible in this place. Maybe that was why he liked it. It makes for a break from the same, repetitive sights he was used to, and something to give his eyes stimulation. Even if he has seen the woods for years, he never gets tired of it. It was one of the few places that brought difference in his bleak life. 

He walked towards a familiar scarred tree. It was the one tree he managed to recognize every trip here. He took out a knife and carved a simple vertical line next to the many other marks of his past trips. It started as a waymark to help him not get lost, but it grew into a sort of tradition for him. He never questioned why he continued to do it, he added the mark and never asked why.

He continued on deeper into the forest. The goal was to find food, which isn’t very difficult to locate. It’s littered everywhere, so he didn’t expect to go very far, but before he could continue any further, he locked onto a ruffled patch of snow. It’s a patch that he had never acknowledged previously. A patch which had been left untouched since before his time. 

The patch was covered in fresh blood. 

His heart rate quickened at the sight. His legs weakened, and his own blood drained from his face. He felt nauseous. The sight of the gruesome scene caused him to fall to his knees. Even if it was a simple pool of blood, he’d never seen such a sight in his years in this place. The crimson liquid burned into his eyes. He hated it, but he couldn’t tear his eyes away. It was the center of his attention, as if the snow had completely disappeared, and all that’s left was the red stain on the ground. As he looked closer, he noticed that the blood trails deeper into the forest. Alton swallowed back the bile that had built up in his throat and got up. His legs felt brittle as he attempted to regain composure. After a few minutes of deep breaths, he began to follow the crimson trail. 

It went on for what felt like hours. The trail ebbed and flowed between a few droplets to large splotches on the snow. Every few steps he had to stop to suppress his growing anxiety at what the trail could lead to. Sick as he might be, he pressed on. The freezing-cold storm had long since left his mind. Having been replaced with paranoid thoughts of the bloodstains. As he walked up to the end of the blood, his eyes came to a sickening sight. 

An odd, vaguely humanoid, white mass laid in the snow. Alton would have completely missed it if the blood didn’t trail up and pool around it. His heart began beating even faster as he ran up to the unmoving lump. He stayed a few feet away from it, fearing it might still be alive and aggressive. He stood and stared as his body seized up in a panic. He waited a few minutes, no movement. He slowly crept up to it and raised his shaking index finger to graze it across its body. No reaction. Not even a twitch. 

It had an odd texture, and seemed to be covered in some sort of fur. A few more prods, and he came to the conclusion that it was likely dead, or in some comatose state. With that knowledge, he grabbed its shoulder and turned it over. 

What came into sight was bizarre. It was a bit difficult to see, as it’s snowy white fur blended almost perfectly into the snow, but he managed to make out its vague shape. It looked like a human, female by the looks of it, with the face and extremities of an animal. A long, white appendage lay still between its legs, what Alton assumed was a tail. The sight of the blood covering the humanoid made his stomach churn slightly as the sight imprinted a permanent memory into his brain. 

His mind was full of thoughts on what to do with it. First and foremost: check if it was alive. He gingerly brought his hand up to its neck and pressed a few of his fingers to its neck and felt around for a heartbeat. The fluff was deeper than he thought it would be, his fingers were sunk deep into the fluff before he felt its actual neck. His heavy shaking and lightheaded feeling made it difficult to focus on the task.

It didn’t take long for his heart to leap into his throat as he felt a faint, rhythmic beat amidst the dank neck fluff. He drew his hand back and stepped away from it and at the same time, his mind was flooded with a million different thoughts about the odd monster. The blood, the body, the pulse. It all made him nauseous. He couldn’t hold it back this time. He fell to the ground and emptied his stomach onto the snow. The fresh bile seeped into the ground as he coughed the last bits of it out. He laid on his back for a few minutes, refusing to look at the ground around him and instead try to calm himself down. He kept his eyes closed, and he took a few deep breaths to regain composure. His body groaned again over the pain coursing through him. He attempted to ignore the lingering aches as he got up and limped towards the creature, wobbling inelegantly on his way up.

He sat and stared at it through the stormy fog for a few minutes. It didn’t move, but it was alive. 

It was alive. It had a pulse. The thought of it made the butterflies in his stomach flutter. He had never encountered another life in the tundra before this. Not fauna, or even a single insect. Never, ever. He couldn’t tell if he was happy or terrified. His mind focused on the injuries, and the possibility of his one chance at a companion on the verge of dying, and his anxiety increased tenfold. 

He quickly crawled over to it and ran a shaky hand over its body looking for injuries, and felt lacerations peppered throughout it. He didn’t exactly know what to do in this situation, so he decided to try his best with his limited knowledge. He began with taking off one of the pelts he was going to use as a pouch and tore into it using a knife to cut it into pieces. His cuts were messy, but usable for what he aimed to do. He started with the large cut on its arm. Wrapping the pelt piece tightly around the wound. He continued working downwards, ignoring the smaller cuts. He came short a few pieces, leaving two large cuts on its calf open, but he hoped that this wouldn’t be enough to make it bleed out. The cuts on its stomach were too large to cover with the cuts he made, so blood continued to leak freely from its body, although at a much smaller amount than before. He had no way to clean the blood of its fur, even at his home. So he hoped that the bloodstains or clinging snow won’t harm it in any way. Now the problem came to what he was going to do with it. It was still alive, but should he actually try to bring it back to his home? It could be dangerous. He assumed it’s intelligent, based on its humanoid appearance, but what if it wasn’t? What if it killed him as soon as it woke up? What if it doesn’t ever wake up?

After a few moments of deliberation, he decided to make the attempt. Even if it does perish on the way, he’ll at least be able to use the cadaver for meat and more pelts. He grabbed the wrists of the beast-thing and tried his hand best to swing its body onto his back. He wasn’t the strongest he could be, but his time in the storm had certainly hardened him. It took a few moments for him to stabilize himself and get used to the new weight on his back. It was smaller than him, but still bar none the largest object he’d ever attempted to bring back. Previously, all he needed to carry back was a pelt-full of berries and occasionally, firewood. Something this large was never attempted by him. Nevertheless, he was on his way within a few minutes. His trek back was going to be a while, several hours at the very least. Similar to the walk there, but now at an even slower pace. None of the usual findings would be brought back, he had completely forgotten about his original goal, and focused all of his attention on saving this strange creature. He strained under the weight of its body, and he could feel blood seep into the clothes on his back. He moved in long strides in an attempt to quicken the pace over his impaired movement.

He walked past the familiar tree. It was as scarred as it had been since he began the trips. This time, however, he paid little attention to it as he moved his way through the trees and into the bleak tundra. The walk was long and tiresome. The storm had been going as strong as it had been for as long as he could remember. It never changes. The journey was different this time, though. Each step felt more and more strenuous as the weight on his back took a toll on him. The creature lay limp on him. Alton felt its heartbeat against his back. A reliving, albeit scary, acknowledgement that it’s still alive. Regardless, the journey was as automated as his previous walks back. He let his body take control of the direction as he focused on not falling over from the weight of the beast.

It had been about five hours since he had begun to walk back. Alton guessed that his cave-home should’ve been no more than ten or so minutes away, but it was all a guess. He couldn’t tell time anymore. Like a sundial in the dark, the constant storm brought little to no sense of passing time to Alton. Any estimates he makes are based on his own perception of time passing, and it’s often inaccurate. Time slows, but it never speeds to Alton. What feels like days could go by in straight daylight in the tundra. Nighttimes could go on for what feels like days. It messes with him, like a hungry boy staring up at an apple hanging just out of reach.

The thoughts were forced out of his mind as the mouth of the cave soon came into sight. It was on a slight hill, but that should be no problem. He began his slight ascent, but his tired legs and the beast on his back made it much harder than it should be. He breathed a sigh of relief as he saw the dark inside of his home. Pelts lay unorganized around the cave, with most of them being used as storage or bedding. A large pile of firewood sits just barely visible in the corner. He set the beast down on a few pelts on the floor. He rubbed the tiredness out of his eyes as he glanced towards the outside, the mouth of the cave showed low evening light. He grabbed a few pieces of firewood, placed it in the center of the cave, near the beast but not too close, and struck a small fire. The fire flickered bright orange colors against the grey cave, melting the ice and exposing how poorly he bandaged the beast. Blood had seeped all over its fur, and all over his own body as well, creating a rancid scent all over his home. Some of the bandages had also fallen off during the wall back. Regardless of the mess, he checked it’s pulse again, relieved to feel it’s still there. 

He stood back and took in the sight of it. Now that he’s out of the danger of the snowstorm, he could get a better view of his new housemate. He didn’t exactly know what species it looked like. It had been a very long time since he’d seen any other life, but it reminded him of some sort of canine. The ones with the dogs and the foxes. Those were the canines, right? He didn’t know, nor did he think he would get the answer any time soon, so he pushed the thought away from his mind as best as he could.

It still had not woken up, but it’s face seemed a little less twisted in pain than before. It’s moist fur had begun to dry, leaving dark red stains encrusted on its pale fluff. He would need to find a way to wash the mess off, but he never needed to wash off something that messy before. The blood was everywhere. On the pelts, all over the floor, and all over both him and the beast. That was a problem for later, though. Now, he was exhausted, and wanted to get some sleep as soon as possible.

He took off the heavy layers of his pelt attire and set them down to the side. Too bloody to lay on, he thought. He looked around, but no pelts were usable. The pelts he usually used were under the beast. He was too tired to try to find an alternative, so he sat on the floor, planning to use the cold and bloody pelt as a pillow. Even with the stains, the pelts were better than the cold, hard floor. It was, at least, some form of warmth. Before laying down, a revelation dawned on him: was it really safe to sleep with the beast in the cave? It didn’t matter at the moment. He was too tired to think about that. It was injured anyways so it’s not like it was going to be very hard to fight it off. He laid his head upon the sodden pelt. Despite being more uncomfortable than usual, his eyes never felt heavier. His mind began to drift into a dream, his only true escape from the numbing madness.

The cave fell apart around him, reforming as a dreamy place he couldn’t recognize. He began to hear blood dripping onto the cracks in the wooden floor. He felt his flesh crawl. He had to get up off the ground. He could feel the flesh beneath him, crawling and hissing. He pushed himself up onto his hands and knees, and looked around. The room was almost empty, with only the large hole in the wall, being filled with the dead body of the beast he had killed. And the door, with its hinges locked shut. He walked over and stared down at the dead beast. Her body was covered in a thin layer of dust and ash from the flames that had devoured her.

He stood and turned to look away from the dead monster in the hole. The beast had been so alive, so whole. Her face was twisted in a visage of terror. He had heard that she had been so strong. Not heard, seen! He saw the beast! He had heard the beast laugh that night. This monster was not so strong. She was small and weak in her prime, but she still had endurance surpassing everyone he knew. He could not kill this, he had not killed the beast, even if it looked like the beast was dead. No, he could not keep her dead.

"It’s not enough," she said, her voice echoing in the hole as she spoke. "What is it that I am doing? Do I care how I die? What has been done to me? Who killed me? I am the thing that killed it."

Alton couldn’t hear what she was saying. He began to move away from her, before tripping and falling into the void behind him.

The space around her began to warp away before he did, it was as if he was falling, then was pulled away into the black hole. He could see the dark, twisting edges that lay beyond it, and he was pulled forward, into a small, tight hole.

"There's nothing," he said. "You killed me."

"You're lying," she said. The warp faded away a little more. In the light, he could see the faint silhouette of her looking down upon him as he continued falling into the void. He had not meant to take her with him, so she had had time to prepare herself for this final act. "The only things here are the walls."

"What?"

"You can't see the ground," she replied. "You're still falling, and the walls will catch you and trap you." She was right, he realized, as he fell deeper into the dark. What was left of his strength was slipping away in the void, and he knew his time was almost up. She grew farther, but remained close at the same time. Like she didn’t want to leave him. And then, just before the walls caught and trapped him, the sound of the air rushing past him made him stop.

He could feel his body, no longer free to move, no longer able to see, as the air rushed past in a slow, rhythmic sound. "It stops," she said. "When the sound stops, you fall down." Then she turned and left him, as the air reached out to drag him down. "I'll catch you when you stop," she said and began falling, and with a last, last cry, she disappeared. The air became a river that swept him downstream and up, and then it was gone. He was left floating, staring at the fading riverbank. His mind was gone, and the only thing he felt was the river's current dragging him further and further, and it was his only sensation of life. The rest of his body was empty. He felt at peace.

The landscape around him began to blur, and the void turned to physical color and shapes. Color and shapes be recognized, and hated. The faint, early morning light shined past the snowstorm and into the cave, as Alton lifted his head and rubbed his eyes. Morning in the cave. Like every morning here, dull and empty. Although, he was much more sore than the usual mornings and the dream-

His tired thoughts were interrupted as his eyes met the blue irises of the beast from across the cave. The beast’s face twisted into a fearful expression as it huddled against the wall, and the stubby ears flattened against its head. The previously dampened and matted fur puffed back up under the dry blood, and the pelts seemed to be on the verge of falling off.

Neither of them said a word as Alton sat up, they both simply stared at each other. Was that thing even capable of speaking? Did it understand English, or any other language? Alton didn't know. He also didn’t know if it was aggressive. It had hardly moved since he woke up, barring the occasional twitch of the ear or adjustment of its arms. It gave no indication of any aggression, but Alton remained slightly on edge.

Alton tried his best to ignore the beast’s piercing glare as he reached over and grabbed a poorly-wrapped pelt and placed it on the ground in front of him. The eyes of the beast tracked his hand, but made no reaction to the movements. The pelt-bag contained a few handfuls of small, red berries. There was no name for them, he never thought of one, nor had he needed a name for them. They served a purpose in this life. That’s all that mattered to Alton.

He plucked a few from the top and popped them in his mouth. He chewed and swallowed quickly. The pungent flavor infested his taste buds, and he cringed a little at the taste. Alton had no idea what they actually were. All he knew was that he’d grown to hate the taste of them, but there wasn’t any other food source available there. No meat, no vegetables, not even a bug to snack on. It was all he had, but those thoughts, along with the taste, were fleeting. He couldn’t help it, all of his attention was brought back to the staring contest between him and the beast. It hadn’t moved at all, with only it’s piercing gaze showing it isn’t a statue. But for the first time since waking up, he saw the beast’s eyes break away from his and lock onto the pile of berries. It stared at the small pile with, what he assumed was, a hungry look. He reached down and used the back of his hand to push the pile closer to it, in an effort to get it to eat some of them. But he retracted quickly as he heard the beast let out deep, throaty grumbles at his approach. Unexpected to Alton, given it’s small stature and weak appearance. 

The growling quieted down as he distanced himself and the beast waited for a few minutes. It deliberated over not just the berries, but everything. It didn’t know where it was. It had woken up for a few moments in a forest amidst a snowstorm, bloody and beaten to near death, before blacking out again. It had no recollection of what happened before that moment, nor does it remember what it’s life was like before waking up there. It’s mind was nothing but a murky cloud of snow and fog. Vague memories sat on the tip of its tongue, like they were behind a foggy glass door with no way of getting in. The colorful images swirl on the other side, but it had no access to them. The beast grew frustrated at the thought. 

It looked down at the pile. It didn’t know if they were safe to eat. The strange man was eating them. So it had to be safe, right? It brought its snout down and sniffed the berries. Didn’t smell suspicious to the beast. But it would never truly know until it ingested one. Regardless, it was willing to take the risk. It’s either that or starving to death.

It grabbed a single berry from the top and eyed it. It’s mouth was dry, it didn’t want to eat, but it’s body screamed for sustenance. The feeling of slight sickness at the berries were made worse with the noticeably negative face Alton made at the taste. It brought the berry up to its mouth and bit down on it. The taste of the small berry infested it’s mouth. Instantly, the beast gagged and spat the half-chewed foodstuff onto the floor. It looked back up to Alton, from the sight of the berries, and the two sat in silence once again. It couldn’t bear even looking at the berries anymore, the sight sickened it.

Alton couldn’t help but stare into the beast’s eyes, but he broke away from its gaze, and tried to find something to take his mind off of the intimidating beast. He tried to focus on the features of the cave. The light speckles of anomalous snow from the storm enters the cave, only to disappear out of thin air. It never settles in the cave. Even with no fire, the snow dissolved and returned to the air before it reached the ground.

The beast, on the other hand, turned away from the berries and Alton, towards the mouth of the cave. There weren’t any shackles preventing it from leaving. Despite its condition, it was tempted to leave. This cave was so claustrophobic. It hated being here. At the same time though, it didn’t know what lies outside of the cave, and it wanted to investigate the exit further. It left the comfort of the blood-soaked pelts and started towards the mouth, with help from the wall. It stepped to the exit, limping from its injuries inelegantly, and leaned against the wall of it with a hand to alleviate some of the pain. It looked out towards the storm with curiosity, although it was impossible to see anything outside due to the thick morning fog. It only broke away when it’s head snapped towards Alton in an instant, as it heard him let out a few dry coughing sounds, before speaking.

“I wouldn’t…” His words were interrupted with some more series of coughs. “...recommend leaving. The storm is almost impossible for you to navigate clearly. You’ll die out there.”

The words pained Alton as they came. He couldn’t remember the last time he spoke, and he’s long since forgotten his voice. It sounded like it came from a different person. The tundra was devoid of life besides himself prior to the discovery of the beast. And the storm had no ears to listen to his words, nor mouth to respond, beyond the sound of wind and snow. And truth be told, Alton was a bit anxious after talking, exacerbated by the blank expression the beast responded with. He couldn’t tell if the beast was able to understand his words. Like talking to a statue, it stood and stared at him. The only indication that it was alive was the slight twitching of its ears when it heard his voice, but nothing more. 

Alton breathed a subtle sigh of relief as the beast seemed to acknowledge his words. It sat down clumsily at the mouth, just before the grey cave met the snow. It stared out towards nothing. He didn’t know what it was looking at, beyond the vast emptiness of the fog. Then again, it’s not like he hadn’t spent days at a time staring out there in that exact spot that it’s in. 

The silence grew once again. But this time, the beast was looking in the opposite direction. The sound felt no different than any other day in the cave. It was almost as if the beast wasn’t even there in the first place. This would go on for another dozen or so minutes. It felt uncomfortably familiar to Alton. There was another living, breathing creature in his cave. Yet the atmosphere felt no different than before. Minutes upon minutes of droning silence engulfed the two of them as he fidgeted slightly in his side of the cave.

He thought about trying to speak to it. It looked like it understood what he said earlier, to some extent, so why not try it again? 

He opened his mouth for a moment, but no words came out. He wasn’t sure of how to approach it. The cogs had begun to move in his head, what questions should he ask? Something simple, for sure, but any questions he could think of seemed to be out of reach. Right on the tip of his tongue. His heart began beating faster. Why was he so stressed over this? It was so simple to say those words earlier, so why now? He wasn’t quite sure, but he didn’t want to know the answer to those questions right now, he had other things to think about. He tried his best to calm himself down with a few deep breaths and reassuring thoughts; alright, alright, Alton. Calm down. Start off with the most basic question you can think of.

“So uhh…y-you got a name?” 

It stared at him with an odd gaze, the only indication it even acknowledged what he said was its ears swerving slightly at his voice. It’s eyes began shifting up and down his body, attempting to analyze every inch of him, and read the intent behind him. 

“Can…you talk?” 

Again, it only returned its gaze. He felt awkward speaking again, especially when he’s talking to something that had so far refused to respond to him, but he pressed on. If only just to kill time. Unlike the past days, his mind was going a thousand miles a minute. Not by the snow, or the cave, or the fire. By the beast, and he needed something to help suppress himself. At least trying to talk was a mold breaker, and his only idea of calming down. 

It broke its stare to look towards the ground. It’s canine-like facial features were difficult for Alton to read, but it looked like it was deep in thought. Minutes passed. It kept staring at the ground, it’s ears going from upright to flattening slightly, then back up. Almost mechanically.

A few more minutes pass, and this point, he accepted that it likely couldn’t, or wouldn’t, talk. Even if it could understand him, it’s continuous silence gave no indication it had the ability or desire to respond. The thought made his heart sink a little. Even so, some figure to talk to beyond his own shadow was enough for him, and he continued on.

“Y’know, you’re the first I’ve seen in a while. Well, actually you’re the only life I’ve seen per-“

“Where am I?” It said as it cut Alton off, through its same hard-to-read glare. The abruptness of its question made him jump. It had a surprisingly feminine voice, and its articulation was crystal clear. It was almost as if it was coming straight from a human, despite the facial structure of an animal, with a snout and all. A contrast from the distinct canine-like grumbles and growls it targeted towards him earlier. It also had a distinct accent compared to his voice. Much more posh and clean than his. It sounded familiar to Alton. Not necessarily it’s accent, but the voice. He couldn’t quite put a finger on it, though. The way it said it’s words, the euphonic sounds of the syllables just brought back hazy memories in the back of his mind.

Those three words, said in less than a second, felt like a strange rush of relief to him.

Having his earlier thoughts completely thrown out of the window, all he could do was stare blankly at the beast for a few seconds. His mind was too busy processing what it said to respond. Finally remembering he needed to say something, he couldn’t help but stutter out a few incoherent words before he bothered responding.

“You’re uhh… in a cave.”

The beast didn’t respond to his answer, nor did it react, but before it could even respond with anything, Alton barrelled out more words. 

“W-wait! You can talk? Who are you? Do you have a name?”

The beast didn’t respond to his questions, opting instead to acknowledge only the previous answer.

“A cave?” It paused for a few seconds before continuing, “where?”

Alton stumbled out a few incoherent syllables in confusion. “I-I’m not sure. All there is out there is snow for miles.”

It glanced out to the endless opening, before turning its head back towards the wall. Near him, but not looking right at him. “Is there a way out? To leave this place? To go home?”

A way out? Alton never made an attempt to leave. The furthest he’s gone was the forest. Never more. The wording also threw him off. Did it imply that this was some sort of prison or maze? Why? It has been here for less than a day, or maybe Alton was jumping to conclusions too quick.

“I…“ His voice trailed off.

“I...don’t know.” He responded. He wanted to bring up its choice of words, but he couldn’t think of a way to articulate it in the moment. He also didn’t want to make it feel uncomfortable in any way.

The beast looked away from the wall, to nowhere in particular. The silence came back, and festered in the air. Alton wanted to continue the conversation, but the beast seemed to disagree. It’s ears were slightly flattened and it wore a conflicted face as it stared at the cave floor. Minutes pass, and neither of them move an inch. All Alton was left with was his mind. He tried to get the beast out of it, but it’s presence infested his senses. Like a moth to a flame, his eyes stayed drawn to the figure, completely enchanted by its presence. The beast continued staring at the cave floor, it’s eyes, though not looking at him, kept piercing into his mind. It’s paws were wrapped around its legs, and it’s claws seemed to be digging past the fur and into the skin of its knees. It looked painful, and Alton was certain he saw slight amounts of blood beginning to leak around its claws.

Alton couldn’t tear his eyes away from it. He tried to move his hands and feet, but couldn’t. He felt paralyzed, but he didn’t know why. Maybe it was the freezing cold of the morning, or the odd captivation of the beast. He wanted to speak to it, or even scream to it. Just anything to hear its voice again. And he did speak, but only a whispered word. Right above his own breath, not loud enough for it to hear, not even loud enough for him to comprehend what he was saying. The beast, even through its complete silence, was the only thing he could hear besides his own breathing and the pounding of his heartbeat. 

He forced his eyes away from the odd creature. It was harder than he thought. Looking away left his eyes longing to glance back to the beast, almost like a magnet, and closing his eyes left an imprint of it’s silhouette on his eyelids. The deafening silence didn’t help either. 

The silence soon gave way to a noise, barely louder than his own whisper, that made him jump.

“Nyx.”

He stopped listening to his own thoughts, all of which are gone from his mind from the small startle. He instead turned his attention to the opposite side of the cave. Toward the beast.

“My name’s...Nyx.”

“Oh. That’s…a nice name.”

Nyx. It had an oddly alluring ring to it. 

“I’m, uhh… I’m Alton, by the way.” He said as he gestured towards himself. The beast, or Nyx, let out a quiet grunt of acknowledgement in response, but didn’t push the topic further. 

Nyx stayed silent, but began to stand up, wobbling clumsily along the way. With one hand leaning against the wall as support, it limped back towards the pile of pelts Alton formerly called his bed. But it was now too stained with foreign blood to be his. In its small trek back, it kept its sky-blue eyes locked with Alton the whole time with what looked like a distrustful look behind them. Even as it settled down against the wall, it judged every inch of him, waiting to see if he moved. And like before, Alton and Nyx just sat and stared at each other. Not talking, simply taking in information about the other through their eyes. 

This continued for a while, and it didn’t take long for Nyx to drift off to sleep again. Despite the amount of stress it seemed to be going through, Nyx looked so tired. It laid down only a few minutes after walking back. It was almost comical how it was trying to keep its eyes open only minutes before succumbing to sleep, leaving Alton alone. For now.

Now that Nyx was fast asleep, or at least it looked asleep, Alton felt that this was the time to leave and forage for more food and supplies. After all, he missed his chance initially, with Nyx appearing out of nowhere in the forest. He stood up and began collecting the necessary supplies for the journey, quietly, so as to not wake it. The compass, a knife, and a few bags to keep things in, the same supplies he’s taken for every trip out there. He stuffed them all into the random crevices of his clothes before putting the heavier jacket over his body. Before leaving, he took one last look at Nyx. It’s fast asleep on the pelts he’s used as a bed for years. And for the first time he had seen it, it looked to be content. No fearful or judgemental expression plastered on its face. Only, what Alton hoped, was a sleeping face with no pain behind it.

With a quick glance at his compass to make sure he was going the right way, he was off to the forest again. Alone, like usual. It felt different this time, however. His mind didn’t shut off while his body continued into the snow. His mind was overflowing with thoughts of Nyx. What was it? He’d never seen anything like it here. He’d, in fact, never seen another soul out here in general. It was only him up until this moment, and that spooked him a little. Does this mean there could be more like it? More intelligent life? Would he find another on this journey? He couldn’t reassure himself any more than a maybe, but the thought of finding more life excited him as he stepped into the storm.

Through the empty storm, vague images of his dream came back to him. It was all too fuzzy to remember well. Blurry stills of a decrepit room shuffled in and out of his mind as he strained his conscience in an attempt to force himself to remember the rest of it. The most stark fragment of memory was a figure. He couldn’t remember much of it, but the grey-white color of its fur. Or was it pure white? It was all too fragmented for him, he couldn’t discern anything from the dream. All different pieces of an unfinished puzzle, but still, he couldn’t help but repeat the few parts he did remember. Over and over. It brought a feeling he couldn’t name. Some odd combination of different emotions, brought stronger with each repeat. The thoughts and repeats frustrated him a little. He wanted closure, but it consistently escaped him. He wanted to remember it all, to feel what it was like to experience that dream again, no matter how nightmarish it was.

He continued down into the path, as memories continued swirling in his mind. The edge of the forest soon came into view. The same, untouched forest it had always been. He trudged past the snow and into the trees, but came to a halt as his eyes landed on the bloody mess that was made yesterday. 

It hadn’t gone away. The tracks, the bloody trail, it was all still there. His body weakened at the sight. It laid unchanged in the snow. Even his own tracks from that day were still present. Like a photo taken in the moment, it brought memories of yesterday back. It morphed into anticipation, and his mind began racing with possibilities at the sight. What if there really was another? Nyx couldn’t be the only one, why would there be just one? 

Anxious excitement welled up in his throat as he trudged past yesterday’s disaster and deeper into the forest. The snow began to thicken in the deeper parts, but that didn’t deter him. He started deep into the forest for any sign of life. He never went this far previously, he never took the chance for fear of getting lost, but now that idea was gone from his mind. There’s more. More of Nyx. There had to be. 

There had to be.

He continued deeper. Nothing but a bleak, snowy forest. All the same. No sign of any changes. His excitement began to fizzle out at the sight. 

No life anywhere in sight. Only snow, fog, and trees for miles all around. 



Finding the resources wasn’t hard. The berry bushes were peppered throughout the forest, and didn’t have leaves. How they managed to stay alive and produce food was a mystery to Alton. Regardless, finding the berries were all that mattered to him at that moment.

He crouched next to a leafless bush and plucked a few from the branches. The small, red spheres look unnaturally live against the near-dead, snow-covered bush. He bundled the findings in a bag and stuffed it into his jacket. He wasn’t worried about plucking too many, the berries always seemed to come back when he returned. A few more spaced out bushes gave him a few bags worth, which was his best guess as to what was enough for him and Nyx. 

He finally had what he came here for. A quick double check of his belongings, just to make sure nothing fell out, and he was en route to the edge of the forest, and a specific tree he knew all too well. 

It didn’t take long for it to appear. He knew this place like the back of his hand. He knew exactly where the scarred tree was, and exactly where to go after the fact. He scanned the scars on the bark for a clean spot. It was hard to make any notable marks now. The tree was brimming with memoirs of his journeys to the woods. He looked up and down the tree. The higher half of the trunk was left untouched. He was too short to reach it, and the markings he had made ended abruptly.

He couldn’t think of any other places, but a quick glance at an adjacent tree gave him another idea. 

New tree. New era, of sorts.

Something like that. 

He stepped up to the tree and stabbed his knife into it. A motion upward permanently marked a generic indent vertically into the bark. He stepped back to admire it. It felt special to him. Why? He wasn’t sure. Maybe it’s because it aligns with a brand new person in his life. Or maybe it’s because of an odd emotional attachment he had with the other marks. 

With one last look towards the new tree, and one to the older scarred tree, he started off into the snowy fog.

The trip back was mentally exhausting, even with the temporary distraction of the tree. He couldn’t help but remember the lack of life in the forest. He didn’t want to accept that him and Nyx were the only two living beings there. He didn’t know why, he should be happy. Nyx was a first. But he strived for more. He felt spoiled, in an odd sense. He was discontent with Nyx, and wanted another to show up. He felt like a poor man who struck gold. A one in a million chance, and his brain craved for more. He didn’t know why he felt this way. He barely knew Nyx. Heck, it may have just outright hated him for all he knew, but the thought of finally having another living soul to talk to was exhilarating. 

He wasn’t sure why he even thought there would be more life to begin with. What would’ve implied another being there? The tracks made by him and Nyx? He felt stupid in retrospect, and he wanted to forget he even thought about it. And he tried, but it was hard, he couldn’t do it. He tried thinking of everything but what happened, but it always kept crawling back. The thoughts of his foolish actions kept replaying in his mind, much like his dream earlier. 

The thoughts clouded his mind, and continued to do so before the cave, his home, came into view. The grey walls and blood-covered floor looked no different than before. As he exited the coldness of the icy storm into the slightly warmer cave, he saw Nyx lightly jump at the sight of him. Despite being obviously startled, it didn’t huddle in fear up to the wall nearly as much as it did before. In fact, it seemed to be slightly comforted at his return. Or maybe it’s simply not as scared as before. Nyx had taken off its bandages, neatly laying them on the floor against the cave wall, leaving itself with only fluff and dry blood as covering. Interestingly, or perhaps strangely, Alton couldn’t spot any of the injuries it had sustained the previous day. It had also started another fire, with more firewood than Alton would have wanted it to use. It didn’t matter much to him though, any warmth was good warmth, regardless of how many resources were used. He set the pelts down against the wall and sat across from Nyx, in the same position as before. 

“I brought back more food.” He said in a tired manner, “should last us a while.”

Nyx stayed silent, and refused eye contact. It opted to stare straight at the ground, until it finally looked towards the bags, tilting its head slightly at the sight.

“That’s...all?” It said, “it doesn’t look like a whole lot.”

He shrugged. “Not hungry often, but I did take more back this time for you.”

It looked at him silently for a few seconds, before nodding lightly and looking away. It didn’t seem to look at anything specific, just lost in thought.

Alton laid down with his head on the same dirty pelts he slept on the night before. He was tired after spending hours outside, and Nyx didn’t look to be in the mood to talk. A good rest would do him wonders. Well, good may be an overstatement. The floor was cold, and hurt his back. But it was the best option available.

He tried his hardest to get comfortable as he stared at the ceiling of the cave. The cold gently nipping at his face, a feeling he’s long since grown numb to, and laid there for what felt like hours before falling asleep. All he heard was the sounds of the fire and outside wind blowing. Nyx stayed completely silent. Not saying a word, nor moving an inch. And for the first time since meeting it, Nyx was completely out of his mind. It was only him, and his slow daze into sleep. He didn’t truly know how long it took for him to drift off, he never did, but it didn’t matter. The hazy dreamscape was always a welcome escape for him, regardless of the time of day.