You swipe you whip against Peppers hip to make her speed up, the cart has already swept to far to the right. Both horse girls whine through their gags and once again give you a nice view of their private parts. Their tails have been tied to their harnesses, so they don't obscure the view. You let the whip run over her right ass cheek and press it against her labia folds, drawing a small string of juice as you remove it again. Bringing the whip to your mouth you taste the fluid. The mixture of arousal and sweat is your favorite treat on these long trips. Every time you get yourself a taste of your mares they react so ashamed, they blush and wiggle in their bonds. It is really cute. You raise the whip again and whack is against Salts flank, drawing a scream from her. There is no real reason to do this, but you simply like the sound they make. Your first tour of the day is bringing your small cart, pulled by the two anthro mares, towards the sheep field, where you can pick up the first load. As you cross a small hill you can already see the big field, the white fluffy dots of sheeps in the distance. The hunters have already started to round them up for the transport.

You pull into the way to the farm and can see your first shipment. Four sheeps, already stripped from their clothes and tied up. Three female sheeps and one ram. They are stretched on long, straight wodden sticks, so is looks like they stand on their toes. They are just not standing, but leaning on the fence, slightly wiggling. You pull the reins, bring your girls to a stop and jump of your cart. Your mares are scurrying and you try to calm them down with a quck rub of their flanks. Maybe you should turn down the vibrators on their clits on the way back. With a shrug you walk towards the four sheep.

Their eyes are widening as they see you coming but no tone escapes them, the hunters already gagged them. All of them are fluffy, the wool is thick and soft. You notice this as you steal a quick grab of their hips and breasts, fondling the defenseless sheep. The single ram is already displaying his erection, looks like he got a good view of his fellow captives. Even though their fur is really thick, you can recognize the outlines of their private parts and even a pair of fluffy balls.

A hunter is stepping up to you. "You here for them ?" "Yeah, I am supposed to bring them to the shavers. Did you already give them the aphrodisiac ?" The hunter is simply nodding. "Yes, we alredy prepared them, it may take a few minutes before it really affects them but thats what the trip is for". Together with the hunter you lift the sheep up one by one and lay them down on your cart. You pick up the ram last, snickering at the sight of his dick flopping around while you carry and place him face down on the females, his shaft is dissapearing between their woolen legs and his face  buried in a pair of fluffy tits. 

You sit back on the box, set the vibrator to high again, lead your moaning mares out of the driveway and start your journey to the shavers.

It takes you nearly 1 hour and 12 orgasms of your mares before you arrive at your destination. The big red house, build from bakestones, is a hub of activity. Many carts like yours arrive and drop of sheep or pick up shaved ones. You make your way to the entrance and wave over one of the farmhands. The young boy is helping you to unload the sheep from your cart, the rams erection has turned stone hard while the girls wool is damp between their legs. The farmhand takes a quick look at the ram and calls out for something called the "Shocker".

"You see, when we shave the sheep there are many vibrations running through their bodies. The  aphrodisiac is turning their wool soft but also makes it easier for them to climax. With the girls we have no problem if they do, sometimes its even fun to watch them wiggle and cum while you shave of their pubic wool. But if the males cum their semen can stick to the wool and block the machines. Therefore its simply easier to milk them dry before we shave them". Just as he finished describing the procedure another guy arrives and hands him metall stick with a small sphere at the end. The farmhand walks up to the ram, pulls out a bottle of lube and prepares the stick. Then steps behind the ram and pushes the stick into his ass. You have already turned around but can still hear the small click of the stick, the rams gut wrenching scream and the splatter of of nearly one liter semen on the ground.

You drive your cart to the other side of the house to pick up some other shaved sheeps to bring them home. As you arrive, one of the workers waves you over this time. "Sorry to bother you, but the shavers simply work to fast and we can't keep. We have to oil up the shaved sheeps or their sensitive skin could be damaged, could you help us ?". You simply nod, step up to the bound and shaved sheep and dip your hands into the barrel with the skin care oil. You spot your second shipment, 5 female ewes and step up to them, placing your oily hand on the hips ot the first one. You love your job.