IT'S NOT UNUSUAL

>Be Anon
>It's been five days since that damn Coyote and her "followers" came into town.
>Currently, the small town in New Mexico that you lived in seemed to be under siege by an enormous group of dogs, foxes, wolves, coyotes, jackals, dingos, and other canine species. 
>Now usually, that would be bad on its own, but like a shitty cake, there were layers to this hell.
>For one, you wouldn't be hurt if you just walked around in the street, but if you got in a car or tried to leave, you would be mauled by a group of pissed off canines. Not a pretty sight.
>Two, there seemed to be a defined leader, a Coyote who wore a leather jacket, sunglasses, and a crucifix necklace. Oh, and she could also fucking talk. She gave three or four sermons every day down at the small church near the center of town.
>And three, the water system no longer worked. From what little information you've heard, somehow, all the water in the reservoir had vanished into thin air on the morning of the third day. It didn't help that it was an almost constant 95 degrees outside.
>Yep, things did not look good for the rest of the town.
>Lucky for you though, you had come prepared. Due to your intense /k/ fueled paranoia, you had amassed a sizable stock of food and water. You didn't even need to leave your home, and you had no intentions of doing so.
>You hadn't left your home since the third day, the day that the town lost all of its water.
>That morning you had decided to see one of those sermons that the Coyote was always giving. Just to see what it was all about.
>She had said some strange stuff... Something about how Humans as a species had forgotten about her, but now she was back to see her "flock". Spooky.
>The freaky shit only happened after the sermon was over.
>When she was done speaking, the Coyote had offered to barter for some water.
>Of course, due to the panic that the loss of water had caused, there were several people who went up to the podium to try and trade.
>The first person to go up, a middle-aged man you had recognized as then local mailman, had offered the Coyote some cash.
>In an instant, he had somehow been turned into a dog.
>After the screaming died down, the Coyote explained herself, a relaxed smile on her face.
>"Well, it's not my fault he couldn't understand instructions... I said -barter-, not -purchase-. I don't really have much use for your modern currency. As far as I'm concerned, it has the same value as ordinary paper."
>She kept smiling as the former mailman mindlessly walked out of the church in his new body.
>"Now... Any more offers?"
>The next person to go up, a woman you didn't recognize, offered her some jewelry, a pair of Amber earrings.
>The Coyote had seemed to accept the item, her tail lazily wagging behind her.
>"Ooh! Very nice... Yes, this will do fine. Here. Some water"
>Her source of water seemed... Unsanitary, to say the least. To be precise, the Coyote had produced a glass jug, and then proceeded to vomit out water until it was filled.
>The Coyote had resumed smiling as she dried her mouth.
>"Yes, I know what you're thinking... But don't worry! It's perfectly clean. I promise."
>Yeah, no fucking thank you. That was about when you had left the church and headed back home.
>That was four days ago. Since then, things had gotten A LOT worse... Currently, everyone in town had either been turned into a canine, was dying of dehydration, or had become the Coyote's bitch.
>Yeah, it was like you said before... Things were not looking good.

>Currently, you were sitting at your old PC, frustrated.
>Of course, the internet (and cell reception) had been out since the day the Coyote had shown up. It was too bad. /x/ would be shitting themselves right now if you could only post some proof of this.
>You sighed, turning off the computer as you moved over to the window.
>You crank up the window-mounted fan, trying to cool down your house a bit.
>Of course, all it does is just blow around more warm air. You're really starting to wish you would've bought a proper AC unit...
>While you're at the window, you look out, your eyes scanning the street.
>Yep. There's still several hundred canines blocking the road.
>When they had first arrived in town, they had seemed to "corral" everybody near the center of town before forming a huge ring around everyone.
>Lucky for you, your home was still within the boundaries they had set, and so you were able to remain with your stockpile. You're pretty sure it's the only reason you're still alive and not walking on four legs right now.
>It was starting to get late, and so you decided to have a quick dinner. You didn't know how long this was all going to last, so you've been carefully rationing your food.
>After a quick meal consisting of canned peaches, instant noodles, and bottled water, you try to get some sleep, laying on top of the blankets. It was too hot to lay under the sheets.
>You're not very tired, but you do your best to relax. It doesn't help you out much when the four-legged faggots outside start howling...
>It takes a while, but soon enough, you manage to drift off into a dreamless sleep.

>You're woken up the next morning by a strange pressure on your chest, and something moist rubbing up against your face...
>Groggily opening your eyes, you're met with the sight of a long, flat tongue painting your forehead with saliva.
>You immediately flip the fuck out, your feet kicking up in the air as you flop off of the bed.
>You hit the wooden floorboards with a thud, groaning while you hear a light chuckle come from your bed.
>"Ah, good to see you're awake! Finally. Anon, is it~?"
>Oh Christ. That voice.
>Looking back up at your bed, you're met with a sight you were hoping you wouldn't see.
>The Coyote is standing on your bed, staring at you through her sunglasses. There's a strange smile on her face, probably meant to reassure you, but it just felt unnerving...
>