You press the gas pedal of your car to the floor as you head towards your friend’s house, trying to avoid every red light and skate through every yellow light on the way. No time for yellow lights and their "Slow down" bullshit or red lights at all. The mechanical sequences of these lights had been burned into your head from countless trips down these roads. Not much further now though, just get to her apartment and give her some comfort. Again.

"Just a bit further" you mumble to yourself; making this trek for what seems the thousandth time. How many times have you actually done this? Too many to know; that's for sure. She called you after every failed date or if someone had just plain insulted her. Every time, you would make this drive and make her feel better, only for a day or 2 later her to call you again.

Rosemary is an Armadillo, and as much as you worked out with her, helped her with her body image or just plain told her that she looked great; it was never enough. Her body was always a bit...Round, because of the thick armor that covered her body. You thought she looked stunning, but she didn't, much to your annoyance. Either way, you pull into her apartment complex, park and head to her apartment. She preferred the ground floor, so that made your trek easier; you would hate to have to walk up all those stairs every time. Plus you had helped move her into this apartment. You had to, after all you're best friends with her and have been ever since grade school.

Throughout middle and high school the both of you stuck together, and then even went to the same local University. She never showed any interest in dating you though, nor had you shown any for dating her. She preferred Anthro guys, and was like a sister to you; while you didn't care if the girls you dated (well tried to date) were human or anthro. The relationship between the two of you was so platonic that she had posed for you in the nude for you to draw while you went for your art Degree. 

"Rosemary!" you call out as you open her apartment’s door, "Yo Rosie I'm he-OOF"

The wind is knocked out of you by a 5'5 brown cannonball as she tackles you in a hug.

"Anonnnnn -hic- why do people -hic- suck?" She says, crying into your shirt.

You take a moment to catch your breath, then run your fingers through her straight brown hair, taking extra care to scratch just behind her ears because that always comforts her. 

"Hey now Rosie, just tell me what happened and let’s get a pizza or something ok?" you say, wrapping an arm around her waist and leading her into her apartment. 

The inside of her Small apartment is full of various potted plants and flowers, just like always. She is a botanist and works at the same University you both had graduated from. Everything from Flowers, to carnivorous Venus Flytraps to various cacti. Usually, sunlight streamed in through her large sliding glass door, filling the one bedroom apartment with natural light. Now however, it's dark, her curtains pulled shut and cutting out all the light. It made traversing her living room difficult, while normally you would flick a light switch on, both of your hands are currently comforting a very sad armadillo gal. Gently, you sit her on the couch, then retrace your steps to the door and flick the light switch on.

"There we go, much better! Now then, what happened Rosie?" You say, walking over and sitting next to her then taking the chance to wipe away one of her tears with your thumb.  

"W-well, you know that one guy I told you about? Ash? The red panda Anthro?" She says, sniffling a little and regaining her composure.

"Yea? What about him?" You ask, dreading the answer and fearing the worst.

"He was being really nice to me and hanging out in the bio labs where I was researching how I to grow a Carrion Flower and then try to cross pollinate it with a- Whatever! Anyways today He was being super nice today and flirty! Then BOOM! He asks “How much per gram!” And I was super confused and was like "What" and he asked "Aren't you a botanist to grow and sell weed?" and of course I'm dumbfounded and am like "No but I thought you liked me!"" she rambles off quickly, keeping her composure while explaining what upset her.

"Uh huh, and then what?" you say with a nod and a sigh of relief. You thought someone had assaulted her but instead it sounds like some stoner was just mean to her.

"Then! Then he said "I was only being nice to get a good price, you're too uh... Girthy for my tastes!" she says before breaking down into sobs again. You rub the bridge of your nose with a thumb and forefinger, sigh, and then pull out your phone.

"I’m sorry Rosemary, but hey at least he didn't string you along; what toppings do you want on your half of the pizza?" You ask, pulling you the menu to a local pizzeria. Rosemary huffs and slams both of her fists into the couch cushion she is sitting on.

"No pizza! I need to diet again!" she says angrily, looking at you with her Brown eyes and he tail flicking behind her in annoyance

"Fine, no pizza for you, but I just got off work and I’m hungry" you say tapping away at your phone. One medium pepperoni pizza and a medium "Bugs Lovers" pizza. She wants pizza, if you ordered one; she would pout that NOW she wanted pizza because it smelled good. 

"Ok then Rosie" you say as you place the order with your phone "Let's relax and watch a movie ok? Forget about what's his face and just have a nice night, watch a movie and play some Mario kart"

Rosemary gives you an analyzing look then stands up from her couch swiftly.

"Fine! But I'm changing and so are you!" she says firmly, motioning to your paint splattered clothes. You’re still in your clothes from work, the city paid you to paint the side of building with a mural. Rosemary is still in her dirt stained overalls from working at the gardens in the university.

She disappears into her bed room, and reappears to throw you some old pajama pants and a t-shirt. 

"Go change in the bathroom, I'll be out in a sec" She calls from her bedroom. You roll your eyes and meander to her bathroom. Not like you haven't seen her naked, the sketches and drawings of her in various poses proved that much. Quickly, you change your clothes, tossing your paint covered clothes into an already waiting throwaway plastic bag. Heh, she was prepared, just like always.

"K ready Rosie" you yell out as you leave the bathroom, plastic bag in hand.

"OK, let me shower really quick! I got covered in dirt when I was planting some sassafras seeds! They need to get planted deep." you hear through the bedroom door.

Not surprising since she didn't use tools like a shovel or a spade, instead opting to use her claws for digging, she said she preferred the feeling of the dirt to the feeling of the handles of the tools. All of her plants flourished, so who were you to judge? Just like you did what you liked, she did what she liked and that passion made all the difference. The only problem is that you now had time to kill, so as you hear the bed room door open and her scurry into the bathroom, you pull out your phone and browse the NikoNeko network. Silly cat videos would be your friend for the next 20-30 minutes.

You hear Rosemary begin showering and think about how tough it must be for her in there. Even with a detachable shower head, she had to get between her plates for dirt. Your thoughts drift from that to when you both would go swimming in the pool in your backyard when you were kids, her heavy plates made her sink like a stone, so she latched onto you and you walked her around the pool as she giggled madly.

Casually, you browse your phone, looking at videos of kittens with disorders finding homes, or the occasional video of cats (anthro or feral) freaking out at the sudden appearance of a cucumber behind them. 

The sounds of videos from whatever app that was popular at the moment, echo through the hallway of Rosemary's apartment. She never did realize that you always knew when she was out of the shower and was playing on her phone, laying across her bed watching video from whatever social media she used. Pawsapp, periscope whatever. You could hear the voices of the app from her bedroom echoing down the hallway.

Whatever, let her play, as long as it took her mind off Ash or arse or whatever his name was, not your problem to remember it. Just your job to make her happy. Before long a knock at the door makes you aware how long it really has been since she got into the shower. You answer her door with a smile, accepting the pizza from the anthro lizard, who seems somewhat reluctant to give up the hot pizzas. If he was really that cold, he could wear a sweater.

"Rosie! Pizza is here! Come on" you call out as you walk the pizzas to her stove, unstacking the boxes. A quick peek into them tells you which is for you and which is for her. Yours had pepperoni, hers had mealworms, grasshoppers and ants. It was what she wanted on her pizzas and who were you to argue?

"Readyyyy!" you hear from the hallway trailing from her bedroom into the living room. Her cheery voice makes you smile. That's what you were there for, her happy smile and laughter.

"What movie do you want to watch?" you call out of the kitchen into the living room. You peek out and see her in a simple black tank top and shorts, no bra in sight, because who needs dignity when there is comfort?

"Slaughtersphere 4!" she says as she plops herself down on her couch happily. Ugh, of course she would wanna watch that, a movie with nothing but gore to make up for its mediocre plot. Somehow people got lured into a giant spherical trap? Yea fuck off. Movies that were REALLY creepy Rosemary wouldn't even watch. You recall trying to watch "The Ring" with her, only to have her close her eyes tight and push her claws into her ears at the "spooky" parts. Seriously, if some random bitch started coming out of your the TV, she would get a cricket bat to the face.

You bought a cricket bat in response to "Shaun of the dead" in a drunken haze with Rosemary, and she never let you live it down whenever she came by your place and saw it, but it was the best home defense you could ask for. You had a handgun tucked away, but there was something SO satisfying in beating a man with a British piece of wood.  You grab some plates and grab a slices pizza for the upcoming evening. As soon as you would start eating, Rosemary would recall she also wanted pizza and then she would get her own. Like clockwork that's how it plays out, just like always.

Rosemary cheers happily at the opening credits of the movie, this was a long series of movies with an almost cult following. It really didn't interest you after the 2nd movie, at that point it just kinda jumped the shark, introducing aliens to what used to be an entirely "terrain" society; that is Human and Anthro. Why would random aliens want to come to Earth to just torture humans and anthros? There was no scientific gain at all.

Pizza occupies your mouth as you "watch" the movie, frowning at the plot holes and silliness. Why does a random human have telepathic alien powers? Why does a random anthro have the power to "intensify" the sun's rays to melt aliens who, were "unable to deal with the sudden solar radiation" even though those same aliens made their way to earth when the sun started send out large solar flares of radiation?

The whole thing was stupid and you knew it, but Rosemary was happy about the movie. Bouncing excitedly as the credits rolled. The main character had blown up the invading aliens spaceship on what was supposed to be a "suicide mission “only for him to survive unscathed with an excuse like "I got better". Dumb, but it did the trick; the previously crying Armadillo was now happily eating pizza and smiling at her poor choice in movies.

"That was great! The Critics were totally wrong!" she says happily, beaming up at you. No they weren't, but you weren’t gonna argue that now.

"I'm glad you liked it Rosie, ready for some Mario Kart?" you say with a smile, happy to be past a c-list movie. A happy smile is your answer. Rosie grabs her remote and swaps the TV to her switch as you grab the controllers. 

"I'm gonna beat you this time!" she says as it boots up, a cocky smile crossing her muzzle.

"Yea, sure you will" you say smugly, selecting your preferred character; Waluigi. He might not be in the new smash but he would always be your choice in any other game. After all how could you beat his trademark callout of "IMA GONNA WIN!"? You couldn't. Rosemary picks a new character almost every time and today she has picked Drybones. 

"Care to make a bet about that?" she says smugly as she picks a race. A wager? Interesting.

"What did you have in mind? If I lose I have to eat one of your pizza slices?" you say, rolling your eyes.

"Nope! Loser has to do whatever the winner says!" she says, looking at you as the race boots up. What’s her game here?

"Fine, But I'm not going easy on you" you say calmly, readying the starting line boost. What would you have her do when she lost? Maybe get her to pose again for you? She was a great model for drawing. 

The race starts and of course you pull away, leaving her and the NPCs in your dust. Even though the two of you played video games together since childhood, you were better due to you playing more often than her in your free time. Practice makes people better, who would have thought? The race nears its end, its lap 3/3 and you can see the finish line, EZ GG. 

However fate decides otherwise though. Blue shell. Red Shell. Green shell, another red shell. You stare in awe at your bad luck, she came in 2nd, beaten by an NPC while you were in dead last due to the unluckiest series of events ever.

"YAY I BEAT YOU!" She squees happily jumping upright and cheering for herself. While you were unhappy you lost, you were more than delighted to see her laughing and smiling. 

"Yea yea, you got lucky and beat me this time, what do I gotta do?" you say in false contempt; no need to act cheery and make her think you threw the race for her.

"This"

Her paws meet either side of your face unexpectedly and her mouth presses against yours. She holds you there in place even through your jump in surprise. When she pulls away with a happy smile, you're left confused and speechless. 

"You said loser has to do whatever the winner says" the happy armadillo says with a concerned look "And I wanted to kiss you"

You stare blankly at her, confused. "Wha?" is all you can say

Your best friend, Rosemary the dorky Armadillo, just kissed you out of nowhere. 

"What?" you say again, still trying to process.

"You've always been here for Me Anon, taking care of my issues and uhm... You just know everything I like and want... Like you got me a pizza" she says sheepishly, straddling you slowly. While her body and voice sound confident, you would see every insecurity on her face. She was afraid you would push her away, that you would insult her like every other guy out there that she had tried to be with.

"And...They say if you look at the forest, you'll miss the trees" She says with a pleading smile.

Dropping the controller, you gently place your hands on her ample hips, feeling her a mixture of her scales and skin beneath your fingers. The mix of soft skin and tough leathery armor is, different, yet satisfying.

"Why the sudden change Rosie?" you ask, rubbing your hands up and down her sides. 

"Uhmm... I was looking at a video of a girl who married her best friend, and when the interviewer asked why she married him, she listed off a bunch of things you do for me, and I just realized...." she looks into your eyes with a sad, yet happy smile

"I Realized how much you do for me; you come to me whenever I ask, you help me work out, you always encourage me and give me compliments and somehow... I missed you as a guy" 

She kisses you again wrapping her arms around your neck and shoulders. Scooching closer to you until her hips were pressed against yours.

"I Realized I already had the guy most girls dream about, and I almost missed him and lost him to some other floozy!" she says with a defiant Grin. You had never really thought about Rosemary in a romantic way but... you had asked your married friends what it was like to marry someone. They said it was like deciding to spend every day with your best friend, who you can also have sex with.

Rosemary is your best friend, there was no doubt about that, and while you had never thought about her romantically; you would be lying if you never looked at her ample hips and bosom with a bit of lust. You smile and pull her into a tight hug.

"Well, you haven't lost me" you whisper to her softly, rubbing under her shirt and feeling the thick armor on her back. Although it was tough, it was soft and pliable. It should be, you had spent countless hours with her, rubbing every lotion she thought would make it more comforting to touch. To you, it always had been comforting; how could it not be? You had felt them when your parents died, your tears staining her shoulder as you wept openly to the last person you cared about. 

Your mind flashes to the things she's done for you. Posing naked for you to draw, helping you out when you were a "starving artist", and attempting to be the best wingman ever; only to be thwarted by your awkwardness. Throughout it all she was there, giving you support and making you smile with her awkward attempts to describe her work to you. So far all you could grasp was she worked with plants and tried to make better plants.

A long tongue breaks your mental tangent and bring you right back to her glorious hips and sides. Might as well push it a bit further right? With your hand still under her tank top, you push it upwards.

"Arms up" you say like always, pushing her shirt upwards. You had done this some many times, lifting her shirt to itch somewhere she couldn't reach or rub lotion on some little bit to make it softer. This time it was different, this time it wasn’t for an odd itch. Quickly, she obeys; raising her arms for you to pull her tank top off. She was always been facing the other way when you did this though, and now you have a perfect view of her glorious grapefruit sized breasts.

Gorgeous, breathtaking, stupendous; all words you could use to describe her. Sure, you had seen her naked before, but there was a difference between then and now. How could you have missed her beauty for everything else? Her smooth tummy with just the right bit of chub; her large breasts, accented by her thick armor on their undersides. Everything you wanted in a girl, but had avoided, just because it was on her. She smiles at you happily.

"Arms up" she mimics, motioning to your chest and arms. No time to argue with her, not that you would anyways. Quickly, you raise your arms and she deftly pulls your shirt off and throws it aside. She traces her padded fingers over your abs and chest, staring down with baited breath.

"Have you always been so..." she murmurs, more to herself than to you, her fingers tracing your body. Her fingers trace your muscles, earned through hours of working out with her and from the labor you had gone through to make sure she was happy. Her hands slowly work themselves down your body, feeling everything like it was new to her; but it wasn't.  She had seen you naked, you had seen her naked; this was all nothing new to either of you but... perspectives change everything. Carefully, your hands rubs down her side, and across her pelvis.

"Lift yourself a bit" you say, trying to remain calm; those shorts needed to go. She straightens her legs up a bit, allowing you to slide her shorts off with relative ease. No panties at all to be seen, just her glistening slit. Her shorts are tossed aside and you gently rub a hand down her body, starting from her glorious cleavage, down her tummy, and eventually reaching her wet pussy. Gently you slip a finger in between her moist lips, and rub back and forth, pushing the finger a bit deeper in with each pass.

Breathing hard, Rosemary grinds her hips against your fingers, trying to guide your probing fingers to her most sensitive spots. She has her arms locked around your neck, her clawed fingers interlocked. 

"Ohh just like that" she moans softly as your finger hits her clit. You continue, purposefully missing her more sensitive spots. There was no need to speed this all up, so might as well take the time to enjoy this.  Her hips press down, forcing your fingers into her wetness and earning a sharp gasp from her. 

Your free hand rubs her side all the way down so you can grab her thick ass. You had met women who said they were "thicc", but none of them had anything on Rosemary; her armor made it so she always had a... Extravagant rear. Kneading her ass softly while fingering her, you feel your erection straining your pants, pushing against Rosemary's thighs.

"Ahhh is someone else ready for some attention." Rosemary moans as her clawed fingers rub against your erection through your pants. The tender touch of her fingers remind you just how much she turned you on, your throbbing erection was almost painful as your pants and underwear strained to keep it in check.

"Let's get some breathing room" rosemary cooes softly, undoing your pants button and zipper. Her clawed hands delicately fish around in your underwear before pulling out your throbbing erection.

"Big..." Murmurs Rosemary as she gently rubs up and down your cock with her paws. That was an ego boost for sure. She gently rubs her wetness against you, pressing your cock between her labia, soaking it in her wetness. You gently guide her hips back and forth, pressing her wet slit against your cock, back and forth. The sensations were almost overwhelming, heat, wetness and a smooth grinding motion.  

"Wait" you say calmly, stopping her grinding for a moment, she looks at you confused.

"What's wrong?" she says worriedly


"Nothing, but if we are gonna do this, we are gonna do it right" you say calmly as you gently lift her up and off you. She stands up and looks at you with concern.

"Did I do something wro-" 

"No, But I need these off” you say, cutting her worries off. You peel off your pants and under garments, and toss them aside. 

"Bedroom...Now" you say calmly as your erection throbs painfully. This needed to be perfect, she deserved it, and so did you. Rosemary looks concerned, but when you wrap your arms around her and pick her up, she instantly wraps her legs and arms around you.

"We do this right" you say assuredly

Rosemary's bedroom was like the rest of the apartment, cluttered with various plants, it never bothered you before and it didn't now as you lay her on her bed, her back meeting the firm mattress as she looks up at you.

"You ok Rosie?" you ask with a restrained smirk, your erection pressing against her soaked lower half.

"Mhm" she murmurs, looking down with a bit of concern as your shaft rubs gently against her wet labia "you just a big bigger than I expected". 

You don't think she has much of a basis for comparison, but it was still an ego boost.  That didn't matter now though, using one hand to support yourself, you use the other to gently position your pained erection against her wet, glistening opening.

"You sure you're ready?" you ask calmly. Yes, you wanted to do this with her, you wanted to make her feel the love she deserved; but if she had second thoughts... Well then you would stop and then maybe have to go into the restroom for a bit.

"I-I'm ready" She says with determination and gripping your hips with her clawed fingered

That's all you need, silently, you push your engorged member into her.  The first thing you feel is heat, then pressure, then her muscles tightening around you. Sure, you had been with Human girls before, but this was on a whole other level of pleasure.  Her insides constricted and massaged your shaft and sent waves of pleasure through you, leaving you almost gasping.

Rosemary looks like how you felt, sheer pleasure and ecstasy cover her muzzle as she bites her lower lip, looking down at where you penetrate deep inside her. There is no need for anymore words as you grab her ample hips and begin thrusting into her softly. Her clawed finger press against the skin of your chest and you pull into to you, allowing you to thrust deeper into her.

"M-Mmmm H-Harder Anon" Rosemary moans as you grip her hips. The feeling of her sturdy armor is reassuring as you grip her body roughly. She could take anything you could dish out; her small body was sturdy and could take whatever you could dish out.  That doesn't mean you aren't going to push it though. Holding her thighs, you pull them up and together, so her legs are over your shoulder. Squeezing then together tightly, you pull into towards you as you thrust forwards into her, earning a loud "AHH!" of pleasure.

Fueled by her reaction, you continue pulling her towards you as you thrust deep into her hot wetness, with each thrust earning a loud "AH!” You feel her tail wrap around your leg, and you rub up your hands up her body, over the tough scales she was so unsure about, yet always gave you comfort, to her large breasts.

Your hands cups her jiggling breasts as you push your shaft deeper into Rosemary's wet pussy. Her breasts were always an object of your desire, plump and always pressed against you in platonic hugs; you intend to enjoy them to the fullest. 

"Mmmm j-just like t-that" Rosemary moans happily, her fingers rub down your chest and coming to a rest right above your pelvis.

Finding a secondary reserve of energy from her words, the speed of your thrusts increases as you pinch her nipples gently. Her moans are the sweetest music as you push into wetness, savoring the feeling of her plump breasts and soft nipples in your fingers. However, you limit was approaching fast.

"R-Rosie, I-I'm gonna-"

"N-no! I-I'm SO c-close" she gasps, her clawed fingers rubbing up and down your chest and abs.  You hadn't paced yourself, you were so interested in getting off yourself that you hadn't thought about Rosemary and her needs. Well, time to fix that.

Gradually, you slow down your thrusts to a slower pace; slower, yet harder thrusts. Now each silent push earned a moan that got steadily louder each time you pushed deeper into the happily moaning armadillo. Your hands slide down her body to her ample hips, and get a firm hold of her aptly named love handles. You keep up the slow steady thrusting, and feel Rosemary's claws dragging themselves on your lower abdomen as her moans reach a crescendo.

Rosemary's wet insides clamp down hard on your member and shudder violently as you continue thrusting. She throws her head back, opening her mouth as if to scream in ecstasy, but letting no sounds out at all. Her legs wrap around your waist pulling you deeper into her, her ankles locking behind your back. The added tightness, plus Rosemary's reaction to finally reaching a climax, spurns you to speed up and reach that climax yourself.

"R-Rosie I-"

"Do it! Inside!" She moans happily, keeping her legs wrapped around you. You do as you're told and with one final hard thrust, unload into her. After a few small pushes from your hips into her, you slowly pull out and see your seed begin leaking out of your best friend. Collapsing next to her, you pant heavily. How many calories does sex burn in an hour? Like 500? Whatever.

"Mmmm that was amazing Anon...We should have done this a long time ago" Rosemary says, rolling over and putting her head on your chest, looking up at you happily. You nod in agreement

"Yea, we should have" you say with a smile. Rosemary smiles and scooches a bit up to give you a quick kiss.

"I've always loved you as a friend Anon; But now I'm sure, I love you as more than that" She says looking deep into your eyes. You gently run your fingers through her hair, then gently rub the base of her ears, like she always loved.

"I Love you Rosemary" you respond automatically.

Were you ready for love? Or maybe just a best friend? But then again...There doesn't have to be a difference.