Apartment in Heat

>just moved across the country for a new job
>left the girlfriend at home to finish packing and moving out, I had to arrive early to start work
>we decided that it would be a good idea to save up as much as possible so we could afford a home in our new city, so we rented an apartment in the "bad" part of town
>well, not bad per se, but not entirely human. Plenty of people are still pretty prejudiced, but it means the rent here is great so I'm not complaining too much
>The apartment is in an old brick building, only a few stories tall and in good condition all things considered.
>I enter and see a bear of a man - quite literally - slumped against the wall waiting for me
>As I enter he stands tall and approaches, paw outstretched for a handshake
>"Hello, new friend, I am landlord Alexei! Velcome to new home! I hev key right here."
>He looks around expectantly and his smile begins to fade
>"vait, you said it vas two, you and girlfriend, is wrong?"
>"Oh, sorry, I must've forgot to mention. She's still across the country getting everything ready for the move. I had to come early for my job."
>Alexei frowns deeply
>"Is...is that a problem?"
>"No, is no problem, except...Ve hev girls here who live alone and are in that time of year."
>I don't understand what he means and the look on my face must make that plain
>"Heat, my friend, heat. If you hev girlfriend here she has scent on you and is no trouble, but if you are alone..."
>Alexei holds his finger up to say "one moment" and disappears into a small room that looks to be a storage closet of some kind
>When he returns he's carrying a spray bottle with what looks like a large green apple on it
>"Here, I give this to you. You spray around door every day. EVERY day. No trouble. I must go now, wife does not like me to be at property for long time."
>He shoves the bottle and key into my hands and quickly walks out the door, shouting "GOOD LUCK MY FRIEND"
--------------------------------------
>clutching the spray Alexei gave me, I walk up the stairs to the second floor where my apartment is
>this being a rather small building there appear to only be four apartments per floor, two on each side
>Almost the instant I step up onto the floor a small bang emanates from one of the doors and it soon flies open
>"NEW PERSON!?" I hear an obviously excited and high pitched voice shout
>A head pokes out of the door and looks about frantically before spotting me
>My new neighbor squeals in delight as she bolts out the door to greet me...and smell me
>She's about 5'1" with distinct orange and peach markings, a stocky build, and breasts much too big for her stature. With her thick white eyebrows and dopey smile she reminds me of the shiba my family owned when I was a child
>"Hi! Hi! Hi!" she repeats as she continues to invade my personal space with her snout
>I barely hear another door open before a cold authoritative voice shouts "Steph! Down girl!"
>A big red ball goes whizzing through the air above my head attracting Steph's attention before making it's way down the stairs with her in hot pursuit.
>I turn to thank my savior, a feline about my height with black glossy fur from head to toe, long black hair tied in a ponytail, and a condescending smirk on her face. In contrast to Stephanie's stocky and stacked build, this girl is lithe and petite.
>"Welcome to the neighborhood, new guy. That big ball of sweet and stupid you just ran into is Stephanie. She's a nice girl, I'm sure you'll like her. Me on the other hand? I'm not so nice."
>She chuckles to herself, seemingly very satisfied with how that came across
>"I see you've got some fun-killing spray there. Got a girlfriend? A wife? She's not too smart to let you come here all by your lonesome."
>"A-a girlfriend" I manage to stammer out as she sashays closer, flicking her tail around me
-----------------------------------
>"Well, I'm sure she's a very lucky woman" she says placing a hand on my shoulder
>"Now, you should probably hide away in your room before our neighbors return."
>"Uh..yeah, thanks..." I say as I reach for my keys
>wait, where are they? I could've sworn I just had them
>"Looking for these?" the cat says with a grin creeping across her face, twirling the keys around her finger
>"I don't really need to use keys to get where I want, so you can have them back."
>she tosses the keys to me and turns, running her tail along my chest and then my chin
>"Just be careful I don't steal you away too - I'm Misty by the way. If you ever nee-"
>mid-sentence Misty's interrupted by a loud howl from the remaining occupied apartment.
>her eyes go wide and she quickly shouts "OKGOTTAGOBYE" before shooting into her room with a speed I didn't know was possible.
------------------------------------
>taking my cue from Misty I try to quickly unlock my apartment, I'm not sure I want to know what made that howl that scared her so badly
>I hear heavy footsteps moving towards the remaining door as I desperately fumble with the keys in growing panic
>before I can get the damned things in the lock the door behind me flies open and a huge shadow overtakes me
>"I smell fresh meat!" a husky booming voice cries
>A huge grey-furred hand grabs my shoulder and spins me around to come face-to-chest with a massive wild-looking wolfess
>she leans onto my door, her powerful muscular six-foot-something frame looming over me as she leans in to get a good whiff of me
>due to the size difference this also nearly presses my face into her chest
>"Mmmm, you smell delicious little man. I could just eat. You. Up."
>With this she snaps her jaws just inches from my face, causing me to flinch
>"Hahaha, I love the timid ones. I think you and I are going to have a lot of fun."
>She roughly grabs my junk, eliciting a squeal at a pitch higher than I thought I could make
>"What say we skip the foreplay and just get right down to business, hmm?"
>Finally snapping out of my "dear-in-a-headlights" routine, I push her hand away and slink out from under her
>"Actually, I have a girlfriend, so-"
>"I wasn't asking if you had a girlfriend little man!" the wolf shouts as she crouches down, hands raised like she's about to pounce me, "I was telling you. You and Valerie are gonna have some fun."
>scared out of my mind but finally remembering the bottle in my possession, I spray it at her face as she slowly approaches
>"OH, JESUS FUCK" she cries, recoiling and holding her snout
>"FUCKING ALEXEI AND HIS FUCKING BULLSHIT SPRAY GOD DAMNIT"
>She shakes her head about wildly trying to rid herself of the scent as a familiar voice approaches from the stairs
>"Hey! Leave him alone!" I hear Stephanie shout as she gets between me and Valerie
>the two of them start trading growls, howls and insults as I take the opportunity to finally unlock my apartment and slink inside
>Seven days until my girlfriend arrives and, according to Alexei, I can relax.
>It's going to be a rough week.

To be continued...