	“Fucking dammit.”

	Agatha clenches her phone in her hand, the claw on her thumb tapping on the thoroughly smeared and lightly scratched screen protector. Her ears flick as she leers at the checkmark next to her message ‘So when do you want to meet?’ Sent 8 hours ago. Left on read. Again. 

	“Fuck,” she mutters under her breath, the Rottweiler swipes back on the messenger, looking at the rest of the private messages she had sent out over the course of the last month. She squints as she scrolls through conversation after conversation, each message she left accompanied by a little checkmark. That little, fucking, checkmark. 

	“Fuck fuck fuck!”

	She yells in frustration, flinging her phone at her unkempt dresser where it lands with a loud thwack as metal slab meets padded bra on wood. She throws herself backwards with her legs kicking up high in the air, nearly missing the ceiling fan. Her body makes impact with her sturdy bed, the steel legs digging even deeper into the floor with every tantrum she’s thrown. The change in position does nothing to quell her frustrations however as she rolls back and forth, cursing and screaming, her fists slamming into the mattress and pillows. 

	“Stupid cunt, just answer me, please,” she sobs face down into the mattress. Her intention to stay in her manic tantrum is interrupted by a loud banging on her bedroom door. Her stub tail goes rigid as a growl emanates from her chest. 

	“Christ, Aggy, what now?” A masculine voice invades the Rottie’s den through the door, breaking through her misery just enough to annoy her. 

	“Go away Brady,” she yells from her bed. Her hands clutch a nearby pillow and to underline her statement, she chucks the feather filled headrest right at the door, missing her target and instead striking the light switch which plunges her into darkness. Despite her warnings, the click of the doorknob turning and the groan of ill-maintained hinges echo through her room. She can’t help her growl as she rolls to face away from the entrance, pulling another pillow nearby to cover her head. Light creeps into her brooding nest as his shadow reveals itself in front of her on the opposite wall. The silhouette is still, facing forward before the shape looks towards her dresser, then back to her. 

	“Another Bumble fumble,” the shadow tilts its head.

	“Fuck you, Brady,” Agatha snaps back.

	She watches as the shadow enlarges for just a moment before the door closes, bringing her back to the soothing emptiness of darkness. She can hear him inside her room, stepping over dirty clothes and towels while kicking her empty sports bottles to the corner. She hears him sigh. 

	“You have to be more careful with your phone.”

	“Shut the fuck up and leave me alone.” She growls again. He laughs. 

	“I’m gonna look at your phone unless you stop me,” he teases her. She hears him closing in on her before sitting down on the floor at the foot of her bed frame. 

	“I always tell ya, Aggy,” he gloats. “These kinds of girls are like checkmarks. They always check in to mark out.”

This causes the canine to break out of her stupor. She swivels her body on the sheets to rush over to the edge, snapping her phone out of the human’s hand before giving his brown mop a quick slap. 

	“Fuck you, you incel pig!” 

	“Hey,” he clutches his head as he ducks closer to the floor. “I’m not the one that throws a hissy fit every week when they get stood up!”

	“Yeah because you don’t even try, asshole,” she says before crawling back to her edge of the bed. She slumps back onto her side, she already folded ears clenching tighter to her skull. In a way, she knew he was right. Brady always had a sense for that kind of shit, ever since she met him. Thinking back to how they met makes her furrow her brow harder, a paw coming up to rub her temples. 

	They originally met back when she was in middle school, as was he. Her older brother had been dating his older sister and more often than not, she’d dump Brady at the canine’s abode when she was supposed to be babysitting. Agatha never really minded, hell, she liked it; he’d bring over games and they’d watch movies and anime her dad burned at church. Most girls in her school at the time didn’t really care about games, and the ones that liked anime just liked a different kind from her. She still liked hanging out with girls but there was just something off about it to her, and she couldn’t put her finger on it. Brady knew. 

	“Do you like girls too?”

	She still didn’t get how the little fucker could tell. He didn’t even have any friends that were girls. The worst part about it at the time was that she knew he was right. The same night, while holding an ice pack over his right eye he told me his older sister was cheating on my brother. I called her a mega cunt and he agreed. We both let my brother know, and once he got home, Brady spent the night and the three of us stayed up all night taking turns beating TimeSplitters 2 on co-op. Brady was lucky that he brought all his games over, the next day he found out his sister ran over his Gamecube. Today, it’s my brother’s GameCube in the living room of our shared apartment, and all of Brady’s games. 

	“Fuck,” she says. "Is it me?” 

	The Rottie rolls onto her back, staring up at the ceiling as her eyes adjust to the darkness. She hears a shuffling on the floor, her bed rocks as the human bumps the frame. 

	“You know it’s not,” he replies with a grunt. “Mind if I join you?”

	“Sure.” 

	She sways back and forth as the mattress wiggles and compresses under Brady’s weight. He plops himself down with a sigh, lying parallel to her. She doesn’t look at him, but she can feel the weight next to her, completely dwarfed by her own. Morph beds were just larger by default than most standard beds for humans, and if his own lithe body wasn’t bad enough, she used the gym more times a week than he has since graduating high school. He fidgets again, she doesn’t even need to see him to know he is holding his hands over his torso. Just Brady things. 

	“So,” he starts. 

	“Why do I like bitches that don't text back?” 

	He laughs. 

	“Bad tastes? You always liked those snooty types.” 

	“This one was cute,” Agatha replies. “Really pretty, and we were really hitting it off too!” She flicked her tongue out to wipe down her lips. She holds her hands up, curving up and down as if caressing the air. “You would have liked her, cute a-cups, short, like the anime girls on your desktop. Pastel hair!” 

	“Jesus, you gonna tell me she cosplays too?”

	The canine laughs but stays silent. Even if she wouldn’t meet her, Agatha was still intent on saving the pic of her dressed as Sailor Neptune. 

	“God, does she?”

	“I just wanted to have a fun night,” she sighs and rolls over again, her head on her arm. “It’s been so long, man. I reinstalled Facebook, you remember Mila? She’s preggers now! My last post was two years ago.”

	“With a guy?” She can hear the eyebrow raise.

	“Lord no, doner.” 

	“Huh.” The mattress shakes as he props himself on his elbows. “If you want to go out tonight, we can go hang somewhere. I think a Round 1 opened up at Pembroke. It’s a bit of a drive but they have Groove Coaster and Initial D!” She groaned and sat up, tossing another pillow at him, much softer than the last throw. 

	“You’re such a virgin, Brady. That's not the kind of shit I’m talking about.” She growls as she leans back, the backboard of her bed frame creaking as her head pressed against it. “I’m frustrated, you know? I want the fun you get with a date, not your roommate. It’s a bad time for me right now.” Silence hangs for a moment before being pierced by the sound of air rushing between his pursed lips.
	
	“God that's why you wanted me to buy you those scent pads! So you’re like, aw shit, Aggy,” he fumbles with his words as he makes the connection.

	“Heat, yeah. So I want a cutie between my legs, not a fucking motorcycle controller!”

	“Initial D is cars-”

	“Oh my fucking god, Brady, it doesn’t matter!” 

	Brady ducks just in time as for a pillow to narrowly miss his noggin. 

	“Sorry, Aggy,” he whispers. She sighs.

	“It’s whatever. Not to sound like ‘that girl,’ but you’re a dude and a skin, you just wouldn’t get it.” Her arms cross. She hates pulling the species card on him, let alone the sex card, she had a lot of reasons to be miffed. Her fingers have stayed still for the last few days, waiting on the girl in her DMs to do the work instead. Pent up covers jack shit when she could feel her swollen lips between her legs pulsing with need. Her own workout routine even took a hit, nipples chafed against her top so much she had to cut her yoga short and on her after jog weights, she almost rode a wedgie to the home stretch. 

	The space between her and Brady was dense with an aura of awkward frustration. She growled from deep in her chest. “Why have they all been so fickle. It’s too difficult.” She hoped her words would cut through tension like a knife through butter but instead it felt like plastic straw crumpling before breaking the seal of a Capri Sun. To say she hated her situation would be an understatement. Here she was, trapped at home, horny and angry. But Brady seemed to know how to shatter the mental funk.

	“I mean, you said you wanted someone between your legs?”

	What the fuck?

	“What the fuck?” Her head spun and her eyes shot right to the human. 

	“I mean, like, it doesn’t have to be a cute girl, does it,” he asked, shrugging his shoulders.

	“Jesus fucking christ what are you talking about,” she hissed at him, another pillow propped in her paws. He held up his hands in defense.

	“I just mean like, you know, boys support boys!” He yelped when the pillow smacked him in the face.

	“First things first, not a boy, second, you are,” she growled trying to pull the pillow back but is pulled back when her roommate grabs a hold. 

	“Shit, man, just oral is no hetero you know,” he grunts as he struggles to disarm Agatha who easily overpowers him and pushes him down onto his back as she straddles on top of him.

	“I’ve known you since middle school and now you’re gonna try and make a move on me? What's wrong with you,” she barks at him. He winces while shrinking into the sheets beneath her.

	“I know that, get off of me! I just thought it’d help! You’ve teased about shit before, but if you’re so frustrated then why the fuck not? What’s so wrong about getting head?”

	The Rottie morph stares daggers at the human beneath her. They’ve known each other for years, and she always suspected that he must have had a thing for her, at least at some point. Maybe it was just her conceited ego and him being a turbo nerd. Still, he never tried anything and always seemed supported. If he did ever like her, he had obviously given up, it’s why she felt so comfortable with him. Yet it still shocked her to hear his suggestion. She was so deep in thought that she hadn’t even noticed how long she had been holding him down, or how worried he looked. Her eyes widened then narrowed.

	“Brady,” she grunted but he interrupted her.

	“I know you don’t have interest in guys, I just thought I’d offer, you wouldn’t have to do anything,” he huffed, his arms trying to wiggle out of her grasp as his muscles strained uncomfortably. She felt like she should be more insulted, at least growl like an alpha to put him in his place. It was so out of left field for him to try this kind of shit, she thought to herself. But her pussy was engorged with blood. He had shaved this morning and his blond hair is pretty long. About as long as a sailor scout’s hair should be. 

	“No hetero?”

	“What,” he replied. She let his hands go and pushed herself up and off of him, planting her rump down on the mattress to watch him get comfortable again. 

	“You said it’s no hetero, right? If you go down on me,” she answered back. He rubbed his wrists. 

	“I mean, cunnilingus involves no pingas,” he started but she cut him off.

	“Don’t ever say that again,” she warned. He continued.

	“You don’t have to look at me, you don’t have to do anything, I’ll basically be a sex toy more or less.”

	They each stared at each other as if waiting for the other to make the first move. The offer hung over each of them like a cartoon piano. He fidged nervously, face burning with embarrassment and Agatha was sure he’d be beet red. She mulled over the idea, her fat tongue rolling from one side of her maw to the other. 

	“Off the bed,” she said. 

	“What,” he asked again.

	“Stop saying what. Off, get on your knees at the edge,” she ordered him. She rolled onto her back, lifting her knees up while her paws fumbled with her pants. At the same time, Brady scooted himself off to the side. He was still confused despite being the one to offer in the first place, but once he fumbled over the edge of the bed, he started working on his own clothes, unbuckling his belt as he got ready for his jeans. 

	“Hold on,” Agatha said. “You keep your clothes on. I don’t want you doing anything while you’re working.” 

	“That's not fair,” he shot back.

	“Sex toys only do their one job, right? So get on your knees, keep your clothes on, and your mouth shut. Got it, Toy?”

	His mouth hung open as he kneeled frozen with his thumbs in his waistband. He did say that, in a way, but damn. He broke out of his spell and waited for her, taking more willpower than he expected to not acknowledge his throbbing hardon. Once she was certain he wouldn’t pull anymore funny business, the rottweiler continued, hooking her thumbs into her pants and panties. She pulled slowly, as if trying to reduce the amount of noise as the sound of fabric rubbing against fur became shockingly loud in the silent air between them. 	
As she pulled her scent began to waft out into the room, her scent pad peeled away from her as her panties pulled further and further away. With her clothes around her knees, her sex was fully exposed, radiating enough heat that Brady could feel it. She slipped one leg out and then the other and flicked the discarded clothing to the side of her room. She was only wearing her sports bra at this point, somehow making her genitals feel more exposed as the cool air flirted with her skin. She shivered, more so from nerves than the temperature. With her lower half exposed, she shuffled forward awkwardly, adjusting herself with her limited night vision to place herself at the edge in front of her roommate. Eventually, she found her mark, thick thighs spread open before the male’s face only inches away. 

	“Aggy,” Brady said. She shushed him.

	“Shut up. No hetero, toy.”

	She laid back on the bed, her legs hanging off the side with Brady in between. She closed her eyes and did her best to relax. She was lucky she was so deep in heat, she was dripping down her crack already without the need of a hot bitch on her lap. Hell, Brady was lucky she was in heat. She smiled and laughed then quickly shifted to her mouth shooting open in shock as her body jerked slightly from lips making contact with her own lower ones. 

	If only her toys could provide action like this. Brady was a far cry from any of her previous exes. He was clumsy and aggressive with it, but the way his mouth attacked her cunny was just what those engorged folds needed. She did her best not to think about how manly he went at her petals. The sounds were wet and his breathing was heavy as his senses were overwhelmed by her bitch heat. His tongue flicked up and down between her labia, not deep enough to touch her clit, but enough that created a pleasant enough pressure when it passed over it. The most fascinating part of the experience was his face shape. She had never been with a human before, mostly having been with other canines, a few lapines, and the one kangaroo girl when she vacationed in Australia. His smooth, flat face was definitely unique. 

	By god was her toy ever excited to boot. Brady grew bolder as her flavor flowed more and more over his tongue. Her feminine lubricant carried an earthly spiced taste, foreign to anything he’s had before but distinctly human in a way. She was thankful he was a skinny, if he was a canine like her then things would have never reached this point, her breathing increasing speed as his tongue went deeper. Now he was scooping his tongue from the floor to ceiling, reaching an inch deep before grazing her clit and heading back to the starting point. Morphs tend to have longer tongues, it was just genetic, but her toy was no slouch. 

	Even if she was using a toy to get off, she still felt a lack of stimulation. Her hands roamed over her clothed, tightly bound breasts. She was pretty stacked, so she shopped a size smaller and just fought through the breathing restrictions. Lord knows how she was expected to run without flattening down a little. It did, however, have the fun effect of making her extra sensitive, something she was quick to take advantage of as she groped herself. She squeezed and kneaded her flesh as her toy kept at it. Little moans escaped her lips and her butt flexed along with her back, lifting her crotch up to press harder into his mouth. Her nipples were starting to perk up and she used her left hand to start pinching the rising bud. 

	“Fuck,” she grunted. Her body started to tense. She was always pretty quick on the trigger, that’s what made her being top bitch so great. She could rail a girl for hours with the strap, then get enough lip service at the end so they could go right to cuddling and sleep. It was a good system, and while here she wouldn’t be cuddling or sleeping, she still felt it was a hidden blessing. She could feel her wet mess cling to her bottom and her toy’s chin whenever he pulled away. She was positively soaked and felt regret at not putting down a towel first. Brady had to do his best not to drown down there. The longer he went at her, the more her thighs started to close in on him. He was very aware of her strong muscles just barely grazing his ears and she was just barely of his golden locks tickling her much thinner coat. Her free hand worked down her stomach, massaging in small circles as she trailed down till her fingers met with his forehead. Without missing a beat, her finger twirled around his bangs as he dove in.

	“No Hetero,” she gasped, her hand slowly gaining some semblance of control over her toy. His long hair wasn’t as silky as the majority of her lovers, but she was imagining that instead of her roommate between her legs, it was some spunky mix between pug and golden retriever. Hideous, but at least she’s doing her best to make her happy she thought to herself. The thought amused her while her grip grew tighter on his scalp. She was nearly holding him down now, her toy’s nose pressed firmly to her clit while his mouth helped keep her spread out. He found it a bit hard to breathe, already having to slurp up her copious fluids, but when he tried to pull back she only held him harder. He tried to muffle something, but the vibration set her off. 

	“Fuck!” She bucked herself, pressing herself in hard. “Do that again,” she hissed. Confused, Brady tried to get up and ask her but she kept holding him down. The seal between flesh caused his voice to travel through her body, driving her wild. Her thighs squeezed together, and if Brady’s lack of air was a worry to him before, now his mind was filled with visions of the summer where she bet him a hundred dollars that she could pop a melon with her thighs. By god he was a hundred dollars poorer that summer. Panic set in as his hands shot up around her trunk legs, doing his best to try and pry himself free. His head hurt, both from the pressure and how his mop was being pulled out of the follicles. He even started to yell more, but it only worked to boost her closer to climax. 

	“Holy shit- Oh- Fuck!” She was so close, god she needed this. Fuck these bitches that leave her on read, she was going to get her squirt even if it meant resorting to toys. Or a boy. Fuck that. 

	“No hetero,” she cried again, her hips bucking up and down, dragging poor Brady up and off the floor with each pump. She squealed, chest heaving as she reached the peak. “Oh fuck, no hetero no hetero no hetero no hetero- OH FUCK!”

Brady thought of all the death statistics he knew relating to sex while Agatha thought of nothing in particular.

Her cry of pleasure continued as a gush of lubricant spilled from her, the fruits of her estrus flowing out of her body as she finally attained the satisfaction she had been working towards all week. As her climax crescendo and then declined, so too did her pitch as her orgasm drifted down to a low whine, ringing in Brady’s ears. Once done, her hands released Brady and her legs flopped open, the energy drained from her body. Likewise, her toy dropped too, hitting the floor with a thud as he gasped for air. He inhaled deeply and broke into a fit of coughing as some of the happy dog’s fluids filled his lungs.

	“Fuck,” he choked between coughs. “Aggy you almost killed me!”

	She was still too high on cloud nine to answer him. With nothing in her way now, she simply clamped her legs shut and rolled over, enjoying her butt being freed from the massive wet spot she had left on the edge of her bed. She knew her sheets were gonna need a watching. She’d probably need to sleep on the couch tonight. She had almost nearly forgotten about Brady. 

	“What the fuck Aggy, no sorry? Or a thank you,” he spat, his body calming down enough for him to get in full breaths. Her ears perked up.

	“Oh,” she started. She lifted herself up so she could twist her neck over to look at where she last saw him. “Sorry man, but no hetero, you know?” She smiled. “Is your Gamecube plugged in the living room TV?”

	He rose to stare at her in disbelief. “Rude bitch,” he replied. “Yeah, why?”

	“Want to play Gauntlet? I could go for something brainless.” 

Brady was silent, staring at her like a wild animal that had attacked him and suddenly became friendly. In a way she was, he guessed. He shrugged. 

	“I guess. I need a shower though.”

	She laughed. “I need to get laundry started anyways, gonna sleep on the couch tonight.”

	He groaned as he lifted himself up, slipping for a moment on a slippery patch but Agatha was quick to catch him. She giggled and hoisted him up. 

	“Usually I like to cuddle and sleep, but without a cute girl I guess some arcade fun with a roommate is a good alternative,” she joked as he stood up. Her eyes were well adjusted to the darkness now which lead to a burst of laughter as his tented jeans were stationed right in her face. She laughed harder when she heard him squeak in realization and he rushed to the door. She stopped him just before he could leave, with the door open she could clearly see her fluids shining on his jawline. 

	“Thanks, Brady. No hetero though.”

	“Fuck you, Aggy.”