(prequel to this story https://pastebin.com/r0z0ynr9 )
story this image is based off.  https://www.furaffinity.net/view/26801080/

It's been one year since Anon's proposal, Vikki and Anon have used all the royalties to buy a nice quiet place in the countryside hills. Anon goes out onto his wooden decking to reflect and take in the view.

You look out at the plains of softly breezing grass
You watch the birds fly above you and bathing in man-made Lilly pond at the bottom of the garden
You knew Vikki made money from royalties from her music but this home was incredible
But not as incredible as her though
"Admiring the view?"
A pair of arms wrap around your waist from behind
Vikki places her maw on your shoulder
"Why bother when I have you to look at"
You both chuckle at your cheesy one liner
She looks out and gazes the scenery with you
You turn to face Vikki
"Are you alright hun?" You say concerned rubbing her arm for comfort
Vikki looks out to the clear sky, a look of appprehenivness on her face.

"Well, to be honest... I'm getting bored Anon."
"Bored?". You reply abruptly
Her eyes widen as she hears what she said out loud
"Oh no-no-no!, I just meant bored, of not working that's all".
You give a little internal phew
"Okay, did you want to go back to music then?"
"No~..." Vikki says sighing with uncertainty
"I've had my fun with music, but I want to try something different Anon."

She takes you by the hand and leans closer speaking quiet
"Anon; I want to be become a mother."
You're suprised that she wants to be one, but it would make sense living in Hollywood
"Are you sure though? I thought you didn't like that busy schedule type of lifestyle".
She gets a gleam of energy and enthusiasm in her eyes
"Yeah, but that was with my music career, this will be different Anon."
She seems dead set on this becoming her new role.
You give her a congratulatory hug
"Well I think that's great idea Vikki."

She smiles as she moves the hair from her blushing face
"Aww sweetie you know what a gal likes to hear~".
"Oh..Vikki, it's a pretty big change, I don't know the first thing about being a farther". She can sense the worry in your voice.
"That's okay, we'll learn together, it's something we could do together. Plus, I'd get to show off my wonderful husband and not have him hiding in the crowd~".

She has a way of words that warms the cockles of your heart
She looks out to the sky once more, a smile on her face thinking about her new future career 
You put your hand on top of her's you take a collective breath preparing what you're about to commit to.

"Okay... let's do it, it I think it could be fun".
She smiles and swings from your neck like a tree branch
"Yay! This will be so exciting Anon! We'll definitely have fun at it, and it will be cause we're doing it together".
You smile at seeing Vikki so happy about her new chapter in her life, one that you'll be right Beside her with this time
You bring her in for an unsuspecting kiss and dip, staring into her jolted but perfect eyes.
"Together~...".