You're awoken by a dull pain in the back of your head.
Fearing that you’ll need to make a visit to a doctor you reach to your nightstand to grab your phone only to find that your nightstand is gone.
As you open your eyes in shock you see a room carved out of a jet-black stone, although this room is illuminated you can’t see any light sources, doors or windows.
The only remarkable thing about the room is the strange patterns engraved onto the walls.
“Hello…? Is anyone there?”
you call out to anyone who could be listening, upon getting no response from your call for help you look for any exits from your Stone prison, the best lead on a escape you can find is a door shaped marking on the wall.
You decide to rest on the smooth floor and try to figure out what the carvings mean. 


You think it’s been three days since you woke up here. 
The light doesn’t dim or brighten so you don’t truly know how much time you’ve spent here, the only thing you can go on is that you’ve fallen asleep three times. 
No one has come to rescue you yet and your starting to give up hope, but on the positive side for some reason you’re not getting hungry or thirsty. 
The markings have so far proved to be nothing but normal carvings though how they got there is still unknown to you. 
As you lie on the floor you wonder how many days it will take for you to give up hope, but your doom and gloom is cut short by a sudden change to the room.
The Door is glowing. 
You’ve been staring at it for what feels like hours as the unnatural carving glows with an otherworldly blue hue. 
You stand up and walk to the door in a trance-like state, the stone ripples and unnaturally contorts as you lift your hand to the anomaly.
You push your hand through the dreamlike aberration and are greeted by a dull cold sensation. 
The unreal feeling snaps you out of your trance and you immediately recoil your hand from the door. 
After gathering yourself you decide the best course of action is to use this new exit, and with a cautious step forward into the unknown and an almost unnoticeable flash of blue you open your eyes to see something other than the stone room. 
Destroyed remnants of abandoned homes stretch for miles in this place that could have been a suburb a lifetime ago, a faint noise in the unknown distance reminds you that should find some shelter before nightfall arrives.

////

You finally got it! 
As you rush past the amber leaves and vaguely artistic shrubbery towards your home you feel your heart swell with excitement. 
It’s been so long since you got to enjoy your hobbies, Mom always said that it was bad for a black cat like you to play into the stereotype of being into witchcraft but, after getting a job and moving in with your aunt you don’t have to deal with her disappointed looks anymore. 
So far it’s been fun, but the days were starting to blur together until you saw a flier for a flea market way home from work. 
Yeah, the Siamese cat working the occult stand was way too pushy and charged an assload for his stuff but it’s yours now! 
Shuffling through your bag you pull it out just to make sure you weren’t swindled and there it is, a perfect condition antique Ouija Board! 
Stowing away your newfound treasure back to its rightful place you fish out your house keys as you prepare to have the best séance ever!
You slam the door to your room without a care as you prepare your room for tonight. 
Candles check, your various occult knickknacks you’ve collected over the years check, Upbeat attitude despite the fact that you’re a twenty-year-old woman excited that she’s going to spend her Friday night in her room staring at an old piece of wood… check.
That Siamese bastard ripped me off!
It’s been twenty minutes and the planchette hasn’t moved an inch! 
You look at the board with a mix of rage and disappointment and as you do something catches your eyes, it’s moving on its own! 
Well… yeah, it’s supposed to do that, but everyone said you need to have your paws on it! 
A look of pure disbelief washes over your face as it moves to ‘H’ then ‘A’ before you can really start to process the impossibility of what’s happening it move to ‘L’ and finishes with ‘P’. 
You don’t know how to process what you’ve seen so you decide that the best place to begin processing your newfound mental trauma is anywhere other than here, but as you quickly shoot to your paws and rush to the door. 
Midway through your rush to the door a bright light flashes right Infront of you as a hazy white sensation stabs through your mind making you lose your balance and fall to the ground losing consciousness.

/////

You start to pant as your impromptu walk for shelter becomes a long hike through the featureless ruins, the setting sun is rapidly lowering your standers. 
But before you lie down and try to sleep on some cracked brickwork you see a glowing circle forming a perimeter around a perfectly intact cream-colored two-story building that seems to be occupied. As you walk across the glowing line heading towards the door the dry heat surrounding you turns into a cool autumn breeze, with the disheartening knowledge that this is probably the least weird thing to happen to you today you approach the door. 
The door was left open for a reason you can’t immediately figure out, maybe they forgot to close it, or this whole “normal house” could be a giant monster waiting to eat you. 
Deciding that the unknown dangers within were better than the known nothing outside you walk into the normal looking cozy house. 
Upon entering you notice three things. 
One, the house has power and heating which means that the house is connected to some form of civilization. 
Two, that all of the pictures on the walls are of a family of cat-like people and most of the movie and tv show cases that are strewn around the room show various breeds of humanoid cats on them. 
And three, you have seemed to have lost your self-control when it comes to eating other people’s food. 
Your “Investigation of the local cuisine” is cut short by some strange sounding chanting from the top floor of the house.
The upper floor is nothing much of note. 
It’s just a hallway furnished with a well-worn gray carpet that looks like it needs to be vacuumed, there’s a layer of dust on a shelf that holds more pictures and other souvenirs. 
Your quick survey of the upper hallway reveals three doors that lead to two bedrooms and a bathroom. 
You open the closest bedroom door to see an average room that aside from the clothes that are strewn across the dresser and bed and the absolutely stuff bookshelf is thankfully normal. 
Continuing your slow creep to the source of the house’s occult activity, the final door at the end of the hall. 
The moment you twist the doorknob the door is blasted open by a wave of energy that blinds you with an unearthly pale blue glow. 
The room is filled with the glow as it radiates from the strangest thing you’ve seen this week, a glowing figure roughly in the shape of one of those humanoid cat girls siting in midair looking bored at a piece of wood with letters on it. 
You try to call out to it 
“Uh… Hello?” 
the feminine abstract horror stays still as you try to speak to it
“Could you help me? I don’t know where I am.” 
You quickly step back fearing the worst as it lets out a mewl of disappointment and drops a small wooden pointer onto its letter board before returning to its original state. 
“Are… are you deaf...?” 
you say looking at the board in confusion 
“I’ll take that as a yes.” 
As you pick up the pointer and start to spell the word “help”. 
As you begin to move the pointer it looks at the board with disbelief and seams to start panicking before shooting up to its glowing paws. Backing away from her you gasp out a 
“Sorry! Are you ok?” 
as it rushes towards to the door behind you. 
She doesn’t make it far before she tries to walk through you, upon her contact with your body the otherworldly light flares up blinding you again. 
“What was that? Are you alright Miss?” 
you say as you stumble around in your blinded state before tripping on an unknown fuzzy lump. 
Looking down at your legs you see a relatively normal looking and thankfully non glowing cat-girl.

/////

“Another day another dollar.” 
The phrase rings in your head as you leave the office and grumpily trudge to your car. 
As you drive home you start to reflect on your currant situation. 
Two months ago, your older sister called you asking if your niece could stay at your home so she could work at her new job without a commute, always wanting to be the cool young aunt you quickly said yes. 
Things have been going well so far, she hasn’t wrecked the house or caused a housefire. 
Pulling into your driveway your train of thought is derailed by the sound of your phone getting spammed with a bunch of text from your niece you think to yourself “It’ll just be easier to talk to her in person.” as you park your car and enter your home. 
Weird, where is Kate? 
She’s always been home by now
“Kate? Are you here?” 
you call out getting no response 
“I guess she’s out with her friends.” 
Heading up the stairs you see that she left a mess in the hallway again, bags from a store from town are kicked over and their contents are spilled out on to the carpet, you notice she even dropped her key! 
After mumbling to yourself about how she need it start cleaning up this place you notice two sticky notes on Kate’s door one says, 
“DO NOT OPEN” 
and the other one has 
“ILLITERATE DEMON INSIDE” written on it. 
You knock on the door 
“Is this one of your weird cult things Kate?”
“Yes…?” a voice that’s very distinctly not Kate responds causing you to hastily reposition yourself in a way someone else could call jumping away in terror, you try to compose yourself before asking 
“Why are you in my niece’s room?” in a tone that very same someone would call nervous and afraid but that prick doesn’t have a stranger in their home. 
“Well the door’s locked from the outside, do you have a key?” 
Oh, you understand now! 
Kate got a boyfriend but chickened out at the last second, I guess your night is about to be spent playing cupid with these two lovecats. You unlock the door as you say, 
“Don’t worry about Kate she gets scared sometimes, but she means well.” 
“Thank you so much.” The voice says as the door swings open revealing a strange two-legged yet furless creature standing at least a foot taller than you but it’s true height is hidden by a fuzzy outcropping of faux fur ontop of its porcelain colored head, it’s pinprick eyes narrow onto you as its mouth opening revealing a combination of flat and sharp teeth 
“Please… don’t freak out.” 
His… Its plea is answered with a quick slam and you running to your room. 
Fishing your key out of your jeans you swiftly lock your door after caching your breath you reach into your pocket looking for your phone only to realize you left it in your car 
“If I survive this I will kill you Kate.” 
The sound of footsteps snaps you out of your angered muttering and makes your blood run cold with the realization that you didn’t lock her door.

//////

Staring at the now locked door to the older cat-persons room you playback the past fifteen minutes in your mind. 
It started when the younger black cat which from the calls of the other cat and the birthday cards you found in a drawer you assume is named Kate woke up, looked at you, and ran out of the room screaming something about evil spirits before shutting and locking the door with a key trapping you inside. 
You looked around the room for ten minutes looking for a way out that didn’t involve breaking the window and jumping out, your fruitless search for an escape was interrupted by a woman shouting downstairs, curious to who this new voice belongs to you listen closely as you hear her climb up the stairs and walk to the locked door. 
After a quick conversation she opened the door revealing that she looked like a older version of the first cat you met, but as soon as she looked at you she started to have a heart attack, she ran to what your guessing is her room and locked it. 
Knocking on her door only resulted in her letting out a startled yelp and moving away from the door 
“You ok in there?” 
the cat quickly responds with a nervous and fearful 
“Go away demon! Don’t eat me!” 
Well getting these cat people to talk to you is going to be harder than you thought, wait… did she say demon? 
“Oh god, you ate Kate! Please I’m not ready to die I’ve never even had a boyfriend yet!” 
she yells out from her believed to be tomb. 
Looking around the hallway for a way to enter her room to calm her down you see two shopping bags on the ground and a key laying right next to them on the carpet, 
“Looks like one of them dropped their key.” 
You think to yourself as you pick it up. 
“I’m unlocking the door please be calm, I’m not going to eat you.” 
Entering her room, you see that it’s the same at before plus the older cat woman from before cowering under the bed, 
“I don’t want to hurt you.” You calmly yet firmly state before she says, 
“I’m sure you said that to Kate before you ate her!” 
You give her your best “I’m not a crazy cat hungry demon” look at her before asking 
“Ok then how was her door locked from the outside?” 
she stares off into space before saying 
“W-well… you could have locked it yourself! So you could have tricked me into freeing you before eating me!” 
You reach your hand out to try and help her up as you say, 
“Well I would have eaten you by now if that was true.” 
She looks at the ground before replying 
“Oh… oh yeah, I guess so… are you a plant eating demon or something?” 
as she crawls out of her hiding spot you reply 
“No I eat meat just not cats, you got a name by the way?” 
she looks up at you as she says 
“Yeah, the name’s Lilly, do you know where my niece is?” 
you say “No, I haven’t seen her since she locked the door.” 
She walks over to the exit of her room and turns to you 
“Check the basement, I’ll go grab my phone and see if she sent me a message about where she’s hiding.” 
She starts to walk down the stairs and says, 
“If you’re lying about the not eating us thing, I’ll grab a cross and exorcise you myself you hear me!” 

//////

