I let out a heavy sigh as I sat in a brown leather chair, apprehensively waiting for the door beside me to open. It read 'DR. JANE LONGLEY, M.D.' I was outside a psychiatrist's office, because my general physician had recommended seeing Dr. Longley because of my anxiety, specifically relating to my arachnophobia. I have pills I take for anxiety, but anytime I see a feral spider or a spider-anthro, I freeze up, feel incredibly claustrophobic, and panic sets in. 

My thinking was broken up by the door cracking open by me. It was a large door, I assumed because Dr. Longley belonged to one of the bigger anthro-species. I've seen elephant-men as tall as ten feet, and weigh more than most cars designed for humans and smaller anthtros. But what greets me is not an elephant, that would  have actually been a relief. Instead, it was a much more fearsome sight.

It was huge, covered in prickly hairs more akin to needles than the tuft that sat on my head. As I looked up with trepidation at the thing's head, the feelers on its face twitched and writhed menacingly. Its beady, glass-like blue eyes stared down at me like a piece of meat, and the true terror of what was looking at me set in.

It was a giant tarantula, somehow, it had convinced my doctor to have me come here and eat me! It was the perfect front; disguise yourself as a therapist, where it could keep its prey alone, all by itself for an hour. Plenty of time for it to wrap a morsel like me in its webbing, then drip it's acidic fluids from its mouth to melt my skin, to better consume my flesh!

No, this wouldn't happen. I wasn't falling for it! As the beast slowly approached me, its six spindly legs moved in stride, mechanically, unlike a normal person's. It had ginger red hair, tied in a ponytail, a parody of how a normal human or anthro would wear her hair. I had to get away... I backed further into my chair, to put as much space between me and it as possible, but then, the thing spoke.

"Hello Mr. Adams, I'm Doctor Jane Longley. If you'll follow me inside, we can get started." It said, it's voice was warm and womanly. She spoke with an intellectual tone, holding out a chitinous dark brown hand, a warm smile on its visage. But I saw through the subterfuge. This was all a ruse to get me inside, so the she-beast could eat me! Panic was starting to set in, and my breath was shallow. I was hyperventilating, my eyes wide, sweat started to form on my brow. If I didn't move, I would be too paralyzed from fear to get up, and it could eat me here.

Without a second thought, I jolted up from my chair, and made a beeline for the exit door out of the office.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH!!!"

I fumbled with the keys in my hand, unlocking my cars front door, slamming it shut, jamming my car keys in the ignition, and hit the gas to leave the spider's den. I didn't even stop at the entrance/exit of the parking lot, flying down the road to get as far away from it as possible.


+


My cellphone buzzed loudly, bringing me to the waking world as I shifted underneath my bed sheets. I looked over at my alarm clock, it read "8:05". Who in the world would be calling me this early on a Saturday? Grumbling at the thought, I rubbed my eyes as I reached for my phone, glaring as they adjusted to the brightness of the vibrating device's screen. Pressing "answer' on it stopped the buzzing, as I brought my phone to my face and closed my eyes once more.

"Hello?" I said groggily.

"Is this the residence of Mr. Ken Adams?" The voice was a woman's, but as I was still coming to consciousness, I couldn't interpret who it was.

"Speaking" I said, still frustrated at someone calling me this early on a weekend.

"I'm sorry to call you so early, but I wanted to know if you were going to follow up with our session, even though we didn't get off on the right foot two weeks ago." It was the tarantula... Why would she continue to pursue me? Couldn't she find another meal? Oh well, I suppose I should be polite. I could hang up the phone, tell her to "fuck off", but I had more tact than that.

"N-no...uh, I think I'll be fine, thank you. I'll still pay you for next Tuesday, but I think I'll be okay." I said, trying not to cringe in fear from talking to the beast.

"Mr. Adams...I don't mean to pry, but I am a professional, and your phobia is my specialty. And your doctor did not make a mistake in recommending you to me. You don't have to live with this anxiety that you clearly have in the two minutes that I saw you, it's not a healthy way to live, and you have the option to not go through life that way."

"Well...I'll think about it..." I said, trying as fast as I could to get out of this conversation.

"Alright, how about this: You won't need to see me in person for our next session, you can call me from this number at four o'clock next Tuesday, and we can do your session over the phone. But if you don't call me, I won't bother you anymore. I'm not trying to pressure you, but I think I can help you, Ken. Anyways, have a good day, buh-bye."

"Y-you too..." I said anxiously, bringing my thumb to the red hang-up button, putting the phone back on my nightstand. My head collapsed back down onto the pillow, I brought my hands to my face, and rubbed them vigorously, sighing.

Maybe it wouldn't be that bad, to just call her...I wouldn't have to see its disgusting maw...or its bristling dark brown fur. Maybe she actually wanted to help me? Or maybe it was up to something more sinister...it was a predatory beast after all, and it could be playing the long-con with me. It's not like this phobia affected my life at all. I was an accountant at a small bank, most of the people I helped were elderly Jewish couples needing assistance balancing their assets.

But maybe she was right, since even if I saw a small, feral spider, I would freeze up. There was a time when I would walk down the sidewalk to work, and on a branch of the large tree by it, a spider sat on its web, and I would have to walk around the sidewalk the opposite way to enter the building. It was pretty inconvenient, but I didn't want to be anywhere near that spider. 

...Perhaps I did need help then.



+


I tapped my finger compulsively on the wooden table as I stared at my phone. The time on it read "4:04". Maybe if I waited another five ominutes, the tarantula would leave, and I'd never have to see or hear about her ever again. But the rational part of my brain nagged at me, that I had an anxiety problem that could be overcome. 

Without thinking, I dialed the number into my phone, and sat impatiently as it rang. I silently prayed that she wouldn't answer, but just as I thought that, I heard the other line pick up.

"Hello? Is this Ken Adams?" The warm, deep but still feminine voice said.

"Y-yes."

"Hi Mr. Adams! I'm proud that you called, that's the first step in your treatment! And if you're willing to work with me, we can get this resolved after several sessions, how does that sound?"

"S-sounds good..." I said tentatively.

"Great. Now, to start out, I'd like to ask you a few questions, okay?"

"Alright."

"Are you afraid of feral spiders, anthro-spiders, or both?" She inquired.

"B-both."

"Can you think of any specific time in your childhood that might have caused this? Did you know a spider-anthro who abused you in some way as a kid, or maybe a feral spider that bit you when you were little?"

"N-no, I never knew any spider-anthros growing up. I-I kinda remember getting bit as a kid by a feral one, but I've always been afraid of them."

"Okay, well then that means we're going to do something that's called exposure therapy. It's a type of systematic desensitization, getting you more comfortable with spiders little by little. 

"So to start out, Mr. Adams, do you have or are you sitting in a reclining chair, or a chair you're most comfortable with?"

"N-no, but I can...hold on."

I moved from the dining room to the living room, slowly getting down to sit in the leather recliner. Once I was set, I pulled back on the lever below one of the handles, and got down to a comfortable position.

"A-alright I'm situated."

"Perfect. Now I want you to close your eyes, and breathe in as deep as you can, and exhale slowly. I want you to do this for five minutes, try to clear your head of all thoughts and worries, and focus on your treatment."

I did as she said, keeping my breath steady, thinking about nothing, as my day, the past, the future, all flushed away. After about five minutes, she began to speak once more.

"Good! Now that you're comfortable, and you're focused on what's here right now, I want to ask you something that may be a little worrying."

"O-okay, what is it?"

"Try to visualize in your mind a spider. It doesn't have to be any kind in particular, but an ordinary spider. Can you do this, or is that too stressful?"

"I-I can try."

"Great. Now lean back in your chair once again, and close your eyes. I want you to visualize that spider, and hold the thought as long as you can. Try to keep your breath steady as you think about it, and to help you out, breathe in when I breathe in, and breathe out when I breathe out. When it becomes too worrying to think about the spider, tell me, and we'll stop. Ready?"

"Y-yeah."

I closed my eyes, and when I heard her suck in air to inhale, I did the same. I pictured a normal brown spider in my head, but keeping my eyes shut proved difficult. My breath was shallow as I continued to hold the thought; it's eight spindly legs, how alien its movements were, all of it was terrifying.

But as I listened and kept up with Dr. Longley's breathing, it wasn't as scary to think about. The longer I held onto the brown spider, it became more mundane, and how common they were to see. It was just...something you run in to every now and then. I even imagined it moving around, spinning a web, and it became more and more normal, and my breathing stayed completely steady.

"Mr. Adams?" Dr. Longely's voice interrupted my thinking.

"Y-yes?"

"It's been over fifteen minutes."

"O-oh, uh, is that a bad thing?"

"Not at all! It's great actually, you're doing amazing. But unfortunately, our hour together's up. But considering how well you've done with treatment so far, I would like to know if you would be able to come into my office for our next session. You wouldn't have to physically be in the same room as me, you could sit in one of the waiting chairs outside my room where I normally conduct therapy, and it would be over the phone like this one. But I think with how you've done today, it make your treatment go that much quicker."

"Alright...I'll try to make it."

"Wonderful. in the interim, I'd like to you to think close your eyes and think about a spider, or perhaps an anthro spider as well. It doesn't have to be at any special time everyday, but intermittently, think about one like we just did."

Okay, I'll do it."

"Perfect, we'll talk soon, buh-bye."

"Goodbye."

I sat the phone down on the table adjacent from where I was seated. To be honest, that wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Dr. Longley was quite...amicable. Her voice had a sweet, reassuring tone to it. As I connected it to the huge tarantula that I met several weeks ago, it was disconcerting, but not fear inducing. I supposed this was progress, and it's not like she was a totally inhuman abomination.

She had hips, and a pretty large bust jutting out from her button shirt she wore. And it's not like all insect-anthros brought me to a halt in crippling terror. I had a girlfriend in college who was a moth, and I enjoyed being with her a lot. 

Maybe I could get over this after all...



+


I took a deep breath as I gingerly took a seat in one of the waiting chairs. The clock read "3:58", and I would be expecting a call from Dr. Longley in a couple minutes. Visualization had helped me greatly in getting over my fear, thinking about both spiders and spider-anthros was now normal, something I could do with no worry in me at all. I was excited in taking the next step, as my phone buzzed in my pocket.

I picked it up, and held it close to my cheek.

"Hi, Dr. Longley."

"Good afternoon, Mr. Adams. By the way, before we start, do you mind if we use first names, I find it makes most patients feel more comfortable that way."

"Uh, yeah, sure."

"Very well then, Ken. You can call me Jane."

"Now for today, part of your therapy was coming here. Considering the last time you were in this building, the experience was quite traumatic for you. What I'm going to do is slip under the door a printed out picture of an everyday, brown spider. I want you to hold it and look at it, continuing your breathing exercise that we did last time, okay?"

"Alright, sounds good."

After a minute of silence, I heard movement on the other side of the door, and a picture slowly moving through the small crack under the doorway. I took a deep breath, and picked it up.

I choked up slightly as I inspected it, but my breathing quickly steadied, as I studied the picture of the spider. It wasn't too dissimilar to how I pictured one in my head, and wasn't scary at all after a while. After several minutes, Dr. Longley spoke once again.

"How are you doing, Ken?"

"I'm doing fine, I'd say your treatment's definitely helped so far." I said with a smile.

"That's great to hear! Since you're moving along so well, I thought I might have you open my work room's door, and come and sit down and talk with me. Take your time, we'll go at your pace. If you think you're ready, I'll hang up, and we'll see each other soon."

"O-okay, I think I can do this."

Jane hung up the phone and I stood up from my chair. I took another deep breath. I could do this. I knew I could, I'd made it this far, and what I thought was so terrifying, truly wasn't. Yes, she was much bigger than me. But thinking that she was going to tie me up in a web and eat me was ridiculous. The thought still lingered in the back of my head, but I steeled myself, and slowly turned the knob on the door.

The room was what I would have expected from a psychiatrists room. It had several degrees hanging from the walls, and there was a chair sitting in the middle of the room. It was empty, and had a small mantle beside it with a box of tissues on it. Across from it was Jane, sitting  on a padded mat, with all six of her legs crossed.

She wore a plain blue pantsuit, or rather, a jacket and buttoned shirt, and had some sort of cloth tightly covering front pair of legs, which were shaped much like a human woman's thighs, except ending in a furry stub instead of a foot. They were full and thick, but I quickly looked back up as to not be rude.

Her chest was even bigger than I remembered, if I had to guess, they were the size of small watermelons, as her bust jutted out from the shirt.  They were big, but fit her figure well, since she was naturally large because of the nature of her species.  I looked up to her face, which was similarly shaped to a humans, it was dark brown like the rest of her body, but was free of the needle-like hairs on most of her body. Instead ginger locks hung down to her shoulders. She had a pair of glasses that sat on the ridge of her fairly human-like nose, which concealed behind them her two main eyes, with the other six on her forehead.

She smiled warmly at me as I slowly walked over to the chair to sit down. 

"You've made quite a bit of progress since we last saw each other in person; you didn't run away in terror at my sight this time." She said with a giggle.

"Yeah, well...I'd say that's all because of you. Ever since I was, little I've had a problem with spiders; if I saw one in front of, me I'd turn around and head the other way."

"I think you're selling yourself short; you had to put in the effort in calling me, in coming here...I'd say you're most responsible in coming of your fear, I've simply helped guide you along the way." She said in that sweet, motherly tone of hers. Her voice definitely put me at ease, and my cheeks turned a little red at her words of praise.

"So...what now?" I asked, not really sure where to go from here since I like I'd overcome my fear.

"Well...do you feel like you'd be comfortable shaking my hand this time?"

"Of course!" I then got up, getting closer to her, and as I did, I was shocked i ever found her repulsive. She was beautiful in her own way. In how she carried herself, how all her movements seemed deliberate. How pretty her smile was, how soft she looked with the little hairs covering her body, much like a coat on a dog or cat anthro.

As I took her hand, I noticed immediately the difference between hers and mine. Her hand felt like a hard plastic, but as I shook, gave a little bit. The bristles tickled my fingers, but not in an uncomfortable way. I then did something that even surprised myself. I took my hand, and wrapped her into a hug. Jane even let out a cute surprised gasp as I did, pulling myself into her massive chest. 

"Thank you." I said. My cheek was pressed into her bosom, I and got to inhale her pleasant scent as I did. She tentatively wrapped her arms around me, but I let go after a moment, to not make it awkward.

"It's no problem at all. You'd be surprised at how many humans and anthros are deathly afraid of my kind, and how quickly it can be overcome. I'd say you're a perfect case-study of that, Ken. She said, beaming as she looked down at me.



+


It had been over a week since my last session with Jane, and yet, I couldn't stop thinking about her. How reassuring her voice was, her smile, her ocean blue eyes. I'd become quite infatuated with her ever since she helped me with my arachnophobia. I still had a follow-up session with her, to make sure a had made a full recovery over my anxiety, but I couldn't wait to see her.

Admittedly, it'd been a while since I last had a girlfriend. Maybe it was the desire to seek companionship that was doing this, But even so, everything about Jane was perfect to me. She was smart, beautiful, what more could someone ask for?

And so, I picked up my phone once again, and dialed her number. I wasn't sure if she would answer; I didn't know her schedule, but it was the evening, and unless she worked around the clock she should be able to talk.

"Hello, Ken?" She said, her tone sounding somewhat surprised.

"Hey Jane! I uh...well I called just to uh...see how you were doing?"

"See how I'm doing? Well, I'm fine, how are you?"

"Well...I was calling because uh, you've really helped me with something I've dealt with my whole life, even if it's fairly small in comparison to other people's problems. But, I really enjoy talking to you, and being with you, and uh...I was wondering if you'd like to have dinner with me Friday night?" I closed my eyes, and gritted my teeth after spitting all of that out, expecting to hear the worst from her.

"Wow...that's all very flattering, Ken. I have enjoyed chatting with you as well, but unfortunately, it'd be quite the egregious breach of my ethics as a psychiatrist to date one of my patients..."

That deflated me. No shit, dumbass, of course she can't date her patients, what was I thinking?

"...however, it's quite brave of you to ask a spider-anthro out to dinner given your arachnophobia, and as your psychiatrist, I'm making a decision that you're fully recovered, and no longer under my care. So, I would *love* to go out to dinner with you."

"A-awesome! There's a really good Italian place not too far downtown, and I can pick you up, if uh, if that works for you?" I said excitedly.

"That sounds lovely." She said, with what sounded like a muffled giggle.

"Alright, see you then."

"Buh-bye."


+


After dinner, Jane drove me back her place have share a bottle of wine. We ended up needing to take a her car anyway, as she wouldn't have fitted inside of mine. We talked about all sorts of things at dinner, how she became a psychiatrist, and how I became an accountant. Her job sounded much more interesting in how she found out the best ways to help people with their problems, although she seemed fascinated by my work oddly.

She sat, or rather laid her lower body onto the couch beside me, handing me a glass of red wine as we watched the crackling and crinkling of the burning fireplace. She slithered an arm over my shoulder as we enjoyed each other's company. 

"So, have you ever dated, or ever thought of dating one of your patients before?"

"No, considering I do deal with people who have fairly heavy baggage. But, I'd say you're different enough that I can make an exception...It definitely helps that you're cute, too~."  She said, bringing her face close to mine, kissing my cheek. Her feelers massaged and tickled my face in a pleasant way as she did. My cheeks burnt up, and I turned my face to where I could take her lips with mine.

She cooed lightly as I did this, slowly bringing her tongue into my mouth. It was much longer than I expected it to be, and it was like she fully exploring my mouth with her thick appendage. I felt a hand snake down my midsection and into my jeans, going past my underwear and latching onto my member, that already stood at half-mast from smacking lips with Jane.

She slowly tugged on my cock, every stroke slow, and deliberate. The bristles on her hand tickled it, making me moan slightly from her movements. I kissed her much more forcefully this time, making my tongue into her mouth, and sucking on her lips as I did. This got a pleasant reaction out of her, as she moaned into my mouth, and started to speed up her stroking, the heat of her breath and her scent filling my nose, and making me lightheaded.

But as I was really starting to get into it, Jane pulled away from my face, and pulled her hand out of my pants. I looked up at her a little disappointed, but as I looked at the lust in her eyes, she had much more in mind. 

"How about we have you *really* face your fears, up close and personal, hmm~?"


+


I laid naked on top of her giant mattress, big enough to at least hold maybe four or five humans comfortably. My manhood stood proud as I did, I looked over at Jane, watching her climb onto the bed straddling me. She slowly began rubbing her slick brown folds against my cock, sending jolts of electricity up my spine as she did. She seductively unhooked her bra, being careful to let one breast plop out from a one of the cups at a time, then tossed it off to the side, and gave me a full view of her bountiful breasts.

She leaned down closer to me, her heavy tits and hair hanging, and grabbed onto my wrists, planting each of my hands on her breasts. 

"I did notice that you take quite a liking to these~." She said with a cute giggle.

And she was right, I kneaded them with my hands, rubbing her nipples that were a darker shade of brown than the rest of her bosom. They were fairly similar to human breasts, but were more velvety to the touch. She moaned lowly as I massaged her tits, taking more than a handful in each as I played with them.

Jane took one of her hands and grabbed onto my cock, and lifted herself a few inches off of me, angling it directly into her pussy. Maneuvering a bit, she guided the head of it into her sopping, hot folds. She let out a long guttural moan, and then slowly sank back down onto my pelvis.

When she had completely sheathed my cock into her lower lips, she brought the rest of her body down to me, her breasts squishing into my chest, grabbing my hair, and forcing her tongue into my mouth. Jane then began lifting her hips up slowly, then slamming them back down on me. Not wanting to just lay their stiff, I moved my hands from her tits to her hips, grabbing onto them, and thrusting upward into her and she ground her pussy into my member.

We began picking up the tempo, each our breaths shallow, letting out moans in between. Jane moved upward a little bit, with my face being smothered by her beautiful breasts. I found a nipple, and began kissing it like I did her lips, biting down just a little bit, eliciting a loud, breathy moan from Jane. 

The speed of our lovemaking reached its peak, we ground our hips into each other as if our lives depended on it. On top of that, the heat, the smell of Jane's thick, womanly scent, edged me ever closer to climax.

With one final thrust, I buried my cock as far as it could go into Jane's folds, covering her walls with many thick ropes of cum. She buried her head into my neck as she came, screaming loudly into my nape, then nuzzling it and kissing it lightly as she came down from the high of ecstasy.

I turned my head to her as I relished in the afterglow of being with her. She then looked into my eyes, and gave me a quick peck on the lips.

"You know...I think I might need to give you a more thorough kind of exposure therapy...~"

"I hope it won't cost as much as regular therapy did." I said with a smirk.

She giggled at my comment, then brought her head close to mine.

"No, it'll only cost dinners, maybe a few gifts every now and then...oh, and lots and *lots* of fucking." She cooed.

"I think I can live with that." I said, kissing her on the forehead.

"Me too."