A few weeks back, an expedition to the floating island was underway. Then all communications had ceased, and for a long while, everyone had assumed the team had perished.
When the island suddenly began falling, nobody had any clue anymore of what was going on.
Then, it just stopped falling.
The surprises didn't end there, as the helicopter that flew the team to the island had arrived back with everyone, minus the medical doctor, and a few mimiga, safe and sound.
They told everyone that the doctor, one Fuyuhiko Date, had found the location of the legendary Demon's Crown and turned on them.
One of the minions of the Crown had transformed Sue Sakamoto, the youngest member of the expedition, and Itoh, an engineer, into mimiga through magic.
After everyone had gone into hiding, the Doctor had began his plan to transform the mimiga into an army to attack the surface.
Then something no one expected happened. A quiet, but helpful robot soldier from the surface had appeared and aided the team to safety and killed the Doctor. His whereabouts are unknown, as Sue had last seen him duck inside of a shack in the middle of their escape.

Which brings you to right now. Of all the things you were expecting to do with your fancy new scientific degree, babysitting a human-turned-mimiga was not one of them.
The higher ups weren't keen on trying another expedition so soon and had most of the team take time off to recuperate, minus the mimiga, as they didn't want them to encounter any complications with the locals of the surface.
Each of your scientist friends are keeping track of the other mimiga, so you're currently looking after Sue. 
The interviews with them had shed some light onto the diets of the mimiga. They had been subsisting on farm grown flowers and fish. What kinds wasn't clear at first, but the mimiga were happy to point them out.
Of course, you wouldn't be a scientist if you didn't experiment, and you were assigned to find out what flowers native to the surface mimiga were able to safely eat.
Sue was rather miffed about this, wanting nothing more than to have a real meal, but her mother promised she'd be allowed to pick where they'd eat for the next few months if she went along with it.
Your friends agreed to take different fish and flowers, make food for their assigned mimiga, and compare notes. The only condition was that the mimiga had specified no red flowers.
In the end, you ended up with violets and yellowtails. You figured you can make several seafood dishes and give her the violets as in-between snacks.

"What's the hold up, Anon?" the short in both size and temperment girl asked.
The change in appearance didn't change her personality at all. She still wore that blue sweater, though she stopped wearing pants, claiming they weren't needed with all the fur down there anyway.
You sighed. "If you're really this impatient, Sue, then eat some of those violets already."
She scoffs, but picks up one of the petals and cautiously sniffs it before eating it.
"Well?"
"... They're alright."

The fish is done cooking, so you bring it over to Sue.
The pile of violets has a noticable chunk missing and she's red in the face.
"Something wrong? You're looking a little flushed."
"N-Nothing, just get me some water."
Sue hesitantly eats the fish, stopping occasionally to drink some of the water you brought at her request.
Eventually she finished the meal and immediately excuses herself, leaving you to clean up after her.
You wash her plate, knife, and fork and put them in the dishwasher. You're about to take her glass when you notice there's a wet spot on her chair.
It doesn't look like water. Looking at it from a different angle, you realize there's a trail traveling from where Sue went.

You follow the trail of mysterious liquid. At one point, you find a puddle of it in middle of the hallway before it picks back up again.
Finally, it stops at Sue's room. Nervously, you knock once.
No reply.
Normally she'd say something, but what if she's not feeling well? What if...
What if she's having a bad reaction to the violets?
Tossing aside your sense of courtesy, you turn the knob. It's not locked.

Inside, Sue is on her bed looking surprised in your direction. Her hand is making movements on her crotch.
Well now you just feel like an idiot.
She looks about ready to cry, but her fingers continue to dip in and out of her pussy, splashing juices on the covers.
Giving her privacy is the only thing on your mind right now, but out from her mouth comes a whisper.
"Ah... Help... I can't stop leaking from down there... I don't know what's happening." she says, before attempting to muffle a moan with her other hand.
You ponder. "Wait, so the flowers really are causing this?"
"Damnit, Anon, just get over here!" The mimiga tries her best to not yell too loudly.

You close the door so as not to be disturbed. You get down beside her.
"Alright, so...?" You're thankful her lights are off, otherwise she'd see how red your own face is.
Sue lets out a short sigh. "I want you to stick your fingers in there. Mine won't go in as deep."
Slowly you reach over and insert your index finger into her drenched pussy. As you go further in, Sue's moans increase in volume.
"M-more, ohhh..." You start moving in and out. Since her vagina is so small, you take the time to feel around.
Sue continues to moan. Inbetween them, she manages to say "Put another in." You oblige with her request.
The assault of two fingers at once to her tiny mimiga pussy is causing her juices to splatter much more of the bed than before.
Finally, Sue arches her back. She covers her mouth as she's brought to orgasm, spraying juices all up your arm.

As her orgasm subsides, for a moment you hope that was enough for this to die down. Immediately after you think that, her flooding picks back up again.
"Oh... It's no use, we need something bigger." she mutters.
Yeah, you don't need to be a scientist to see where this is going. You remove your pants and Sue can only make a confused sound in response.
Once you remove your underwear, she realizes what you're doing, but can only half-consciously protest.
Of course once you poke at her entrance, she changes her tune.
Given how wet she is, you are able to easily slip in, but are unable to get the whole dick in.
Sue doesn't seem to mind, though. "Mmph! HNGH! AH!" 
You thrust in and out, making extra care not to accidentally hurt her.
The tightness is almost too much to bear, but you are able to hold out just a little longer.
The mimiga is just along for the ride at this point, now only panting and drooling.
At last, you can keep it in no longer. Fearing what would happen if you came inside, you manage to pull out at the last second.
Your dick shoots several strands over Sue, covering her sweater and hitting her face.
Looking down, you breath a sigh of relief as the torrent coming from her pussy has finally ceased.

"How are you feeling?" "Ugh. I feel like I need a shower. And something to drink."
Sue looks down at her sweater. Then in a moment of surprising speed, she slips out and throws it at your face. "And you're washing this, you idiot!"
Yep, back to her old self again.
You shrug with the cum-stained sweater on your head, before putting your clothes back on.
As you leave the now naked mimiga to clean herself up, you swear you catch a hint of a smile on her face from the light outside.