So the human goes by the name of Valdarian Kolborn.

Valdarian is the first born son of the black knight Jalaydan Kolborn, the black knight of the order Salantosis Algreius, an order of knights that defended the honor of the Bolarian Kingdom.

Jalaydan was already a upper council member of the Order, engaging in a lot of politics to ensure that his family name and legacy remains secure against the other black knights.

This meant that Valdarian had a lot to fulfill  in his obligations, since there was no question that he would be a black knight no different from his father.

Valdarian is an intelligent man, and knew from an early age that he was raised as a political tool, a pawn in the games of honor of the Salantosis Algreius. But he wanted worked hard in order to gain his father's favor, believing that if he succeeded in fulfilling his father's ambitions, he would gain his father's affection.

His mother tried to mold Valdarian into a man more than just a black knight but it was pointless; the indoctrination of the Salantosis Algreius was too toxic and effective. Valdarian wanted nothing more than to please his increasingly uncaring father who, in his quest to secure his family's position, had long forgotten the point of his machinations.

Fastforward to Valdarian's teen years, he had become an offical black knight, having completed his trials through merciless means, even sacrificing one he would consider his best friend in the order in order to secure the prize his father so desperately wanted; a hand in marriage with the princess of the Bolarian Kingdom, Princess Layana.

This he felt was it, all the hard work and sacrifices, even backstabbing and dishonoring his own best friend, resulting in his dishonorable discharge, finally pays off...his father was happy, and therefore so should he.....right?

So it was to be that he would be married to the princess, he had defeated/backstab other suitors.... but then came the change that would alter his path forever.

The princess was kidnapped, taken by someone, no nation and no side would lay claim to the deed. But it was simple as day, the princess was missing and anyone who could find her would be promised her hand in marriage. Valdarian's quest had only just begun.....
And so it was that he was sent alone beyond the borders of the kingdom with only one task, find the princess or don't 
bother coming home.

Valdarian, fueled by this ultimatum, sallied forth in search of the princess and her kidnapper.
So he went beyond the borders into the wildlands, where his heavy black armor, which protects him so well, is illsuited for long travel and despite his education, he had only at best rudimentary skills in terms of survival and tracking.

He could follow a fresh trail but he could only do so much.

What happened next would make him start to question his life choices.

He saw a small creature...some feline humanoid that was half his size, struggling and making pained noises against a plant creature dragging it into its maw. Even though it spoke in a tongue he could not understand, its intentions were clear, it was calling for help.
Valdarian was conflicted, as a knight he was sworn to protect the weak, even though he knew that rule reality was more for leverage for later, but a tiny part of him still believes in that noble intent. But on the other hand it had nothing to do with him, and the princess wasn't going to rescue herself.

He wanted to turn away.... he truly did but something about that creature's cry drew him to act... calling out to his very soul. Valdarian finally submitted, what was a slight detour to kill this plant monster? Perhaps he can even claim it as a trophy after all or so he justified to himself.

Saving the creature, he discovered this feline humanoid was female, who took great affection to him. It made odd noises pointing to the darkening skys and to a direction. Perhaps this creature was asking him to follow her?
He shrugged, she was so tiny and weak, at worst he would fight off her kind if they were to attack him, his armor would protect him after all. Or if she was rewarding him, a safe place to lay his head would be beneficial.

Following the creature he now calls catkin [they are cats that appear to be kinsmen...if only tinier after all], the followed her to her villiage. There the elder, who had experience with humans before, thanked him for his help, and pointed to where his hunters last saw his princess and warned him of the dangers of the deep jungle.... He was given food and drink in thanks for protecting a female, one of the gatherers of the clan.

Her name was unproduceable by his tongue; so the closest he got was C'arika. And she had taken affection to the human, the elder laughing that she was the youngest of the gathers and had fallen for him.
The elder sent Valdarian on his way and so the following morning he made haste towards his goal.... but he wasn't alone....
Following quickly after him, the catkin C'arika scurried after him and presented with him a letter from the elder in common. C'arika wishes to follow him and the tribe elder decided that it was worth sending someone willing to see the outside world and asked for his protection, in exchange she would care for him as best she could.

Valdarian internally groaned, the last thing he wanted was a lovesick pet, but still...perhaps she could prove useful if he needed to sacrifice her for his goals.

That and she was.....cute as buttons.
And so an unlike pair ventured forward into lands unknown....

there's a fair bit more though, but okay
So further into the  deep dark jungle they went, light being of limited visibility. Here even with a torch he could barely make out the path he was seeking.
And that catkin.... she was too frightened by everything.... she was turning out more of a nuisance and....
Is she actually leading him?
Indeed he hadn't notice but she was taking point, guiding him past pitfalls where his own eyes couldn't help him, his helmet already giving limited visibility as it is. Though he did not spoke her tongue, he started to recognize certain sounds she made, and with his sword arm, cleaved into the monsters of the dark. For the first time, he felt true fear....and was suddenly glad he was not alone.
He thought the darkness will never end, day and night was meaningless to him, tiredness was getting to him, and soon only her promptings and the last of his torches could guide him.
Just as he thought that he would die in that darkness...light! He was out of the foilage....but where was the girl?
In a panic, he turned around and ran back into the darkness, calling for her name, in desparation. A part of his mind said, she had done her purpose, leave her! The princess awaits. But he didn't care.... C'arika was missing.... and that's all that mattered to him.
But it was not to be.
He slipped and fell, being dragged by his legs, until he came to a clearing.
There was this large tentacled monstrousity, gaping maw that is salivating.
His sword fell to the ground, his arms restrained, his armor could only protect him so much as it lowered him into its maw. And so this was his end, the end of Valdarian Kolborn.
But In his fatigue, he could've sworn that he saw C'arika but it couldn't have been her.
She could never have lifted his sword, practically oversized compared to her.
She could've never had used it to cut deep into the creature.
She could've never had fought this monster, eventually driving it off.
She could've never have dragged him away back into the outside of the deep jungle.
When he awoken, he found himself outside, a decent distance away, with a catkin lying ontop of him, as if trying to shield him with her tiny body.
Shamed filled him. He had nearly abandoned this catkin... this C'arika, and yet despite being so small, so saved him at the risk of her own life whereas he only did so because it was convienent. What kind of knight was he?(edited)
Suddenly his mother's words haunt him...his betrayal of his friend pierced his heart, the sacrifices and back stabbing he did, troubled his mind. But all that washed away when he heard her whimper.

He took off a glove and felt her and to his horror, she was running a fever, the journey had taken a toll on her as it did him.
He cradled her and ran, in the open plains he felt like crying for help. And before he knew it he did. Like a scared child, he cried out for help, something he never did, but his pride didn't matter, this noble creature saved him... her life was all that mattered.
He then heard a voice in a far off distance and saw lights. When he came close, it was a friendly caravan....it had turned out he was in the neighboring kingdom and his black armor was the only thing that prevented them from ignoring him.
Their medicine man checked on her and fortunately, with rest and treatment, she will recover. But now, he was certain he had lost the princess' trail.... but was that all bad? Did he really miss home so much? Valdarian's goals now seem less clear as he saw that tiny creature sleep and clutched his unarmored hand with her own paw.... he never felt more alive than he did now....
But before he could make a decision, he heard within the caravan that a man fitting the description of the kidnapper was spotted in a town up ahead and his mind went back to his goal. He had gone too far to give up right now. He could go.... but could he leave this girl?
He hesitated, but he stood firm, he couldn't involve her in his quest any longer, she had nearly died because of him. She could always find a way home to her people, after all some of the caravanners even spoke her language. She is in good hands. With a heavy heart.... he decided to leave her with the caravan and pressed on towards the town in haste....
After much travelling, paying for a horse helped in that regard, he finally made it to the town of Grodia, a massive city and he was lost.

The massive size of the city and having no leads, he resorted to talking to anyone and everyone, even though he knew that was dangerous. He was desparate for a lead; he had given up something that had loved him... this was all he had left, his honor and his father's good graces should he succeed.
But with little recognition about his order, he had little influence in this town, so he sought other means. He did some good works, found and made connections to the thieve's guild, made a name as a do-gooder in the town. He muses about how he has started to be a proper knight from all the childhood stories he had read about since young.
Eventually, he earned the respect of enough of the people of town that he gained new allies to aid him. Berian, the speaker, a man with a silver tongue, Claire, the half-orc muscle and Silphid, the hedgemage. Together they did works together, took down corrupted judges, taken down crime lords, brought security to a city riddled with crime.
In time, memories of C'arika faded, he was certain she was back home in her village. He tried to convince himself that that was the right thing to do, that he had to give up the friendship he had with her to make sure she's safe.

His efforts was rewarded, he gotten a lead that the kidnapper was still in town and he had his location. It was time to end this. He went to the house where the kidnapper  with his allies watching his back, he took a step inside the house where the kidnapper is lay....Only to have Claire knock him out.

He awoken, out of his armor and bounded. He looked around and to his horror he saw the kidnapper. It was his best friend whom he betrayed so long ago. His former friend laughed at him. "So how does it feel like to be betrayed? "To have your trust shattered? All those corrupt judges and crime lords? You just killed the ones who stood in my way of taking over the city for myself."
"You were so desperate to get anything to find me, it was EASY to simply tell you what you want to hear and get you to do my work."
"This is karma Valdarian, for the betrayal you did me, you had me casted out of the order and my family's name dragged through the mud! What you are suffering now is not even tenfold of what I experienced! And now I'll make you pay...."

He tortured Valdarian for a week, humiliated him and tried to destroy his mind, all the while reminding him that this was his own fault. Then he had him sent to the underground fighting pits, forced to fight for even a scrap of bread.
Valdarian's mind began to slip.... perhaps, he felt, this was the end he deserved. Then one night... he dreamt a sweet dream...he saw his mother cradling him, telling him that he was a kind boy at heart, that he was capable of good things. He then dreamt of C'arika, how he had saved her and how he misses her so.

Then he dreamt of her saving him from the monster... dragging his body out and how he abandoned her... 
Strange....it seemed like he was being dragged again... maybe he was going to be fed to some monsters in the pit....but he felt warm...comforted....maybe dying with this feeling wasn't so bad.....
When his senses came to him he found himself in a alley with something resting on top of him. He blinked trying to make out what it was... it was small, furry and warm... it was purring...
The creature unwrapped itself and licked his face as he was face to face with a catkin. It was C'arika!
Pride be damned! He started crying and he hugged her tightly, he cried like he never cried before. Even if it was a dream, it was the best dream he had!

As if sensing his intentions, C'arika drew a bit away from the hug.... only to slap his face lightly, looking annoyed before grinning again and hugging him. It was true then! Ca'arika once again saved him!
He murmured out, apology after apology, wishing she could understand how much of a mistake he made by leaving her behind. Then in a surprising turn of events, he heard her voice, but this time, not in her growling and meowing language but in common! "Silly very silly." she poked at him before grinning again. "Love...you....still love you!"
His heart swelled with determination. Perhaps he had deserved punishment for all the wrongs he had done, but now he knew that someone truly loved him enough to save him again and again, and now he was going to make sure that he would never abandon her ever again.

That still however left one matter.

His best friend still wanted to take over the city and he had a hand in that. Princess or no, he was still a knight of the Salantosis Algreius, and that demanded that wrongs must be righted.
Even without his black armor, Valdarian was still a force to be reckoned with and with support from C'arika he set about to dismantle his former friend's plans. He took down the party that betrayed him, despite their pleas that is just business, he would not relent.
Just as he is held responsible for his actions so must they.

With C'arika's help he even found his old black armor and once more taking the vows of his order, he donned his armor, determine to do right by what it represents, what it TRULY represents, not petty political games or infantile duels for the sake of so-called honor, but to do what is right by others according to the original laws of the order.
Slowly, he brought back order, dismantling the thieve's guild, taking out those associated with his friend's plans. And at last, he cornered his former friend. As recompense for the hand he had in his friend's suffering, he offered a hand of apology and forgiveness. "Yes you tried to destroyed me, but I made you what you are and for that, no amount of apology can make up for that. All I ask is for you to give up this destructive path and take a higher path.... Together.... as fresh new friends."
Before his former friend could answer however, a knight from his own order came to stab his friend in the back.
Shocked at this betrayal, he demanded. "What is the meaning of this?! Why did you kill him?"
His order member stepped aside to show the person behind him and Valdarian and C'arika had their answer.

It was Princess Layana.

She had grown bored with her life at the castle and was tired of the little games that she saw suitors and knights played, and figured she could play a better game

So she arranged her own kidnapping, pretended that her kidnapper sold her off when in reality, she was never sold to slavery like his best friend thought.

Instead she manipulated everyone, fairly content to see this town burn before moving on to another town to sate her boredom.
But the town didn't burn, instead Valdarian did the impossible and redeem it, and to that she was intrigued.
She was certain she won, but to suddenly have a wild card upset her plans...it was exhilarating.

To the point that she said to Valdarian. "I misjudged you. I figured you as simply a tool for your pathetic father to gain favor. But you've proven to me that you are made of sterner stuff."
"I...think I might be in love with you."

She offered her hand to him. "Come, let us return home, we shall be married as your father wished. But oh the machinations and plans we will have to play with those fools, making them squirm. And once the kingdom is ours dear, there will be no end to our entertainment! I'll even let you keep your pet, it'll be an interesting entertainment for the both of us would it not? I congratulate you on manipulating her to save you. I'd even say it'd die for you... how amusing it would be to see how for its love for you will go! Oh the potential fun we will have!"

Seeing her sick smile, her haughty attitude and her disregard of people's lives, Valdarian only looked at C'arika, her honest smile full of love for him... and he knew his answer.

He moved to her and knocked her out, and then he and C'arika fought his guild mate, defeating him as well.
Explaining to the governor about what truly happened and getting the princess' co-conspirators, the governor was more than happy to be witness to Valdarian's truths, having now an escort to bring both the seething princess back in disgrace to her father's kingdom.
Her father, appalled by what he heard, had little choice, even if he had enough love to want to spare her, she had compromised his kingdom. To make ammends she was publicly executed. It was truly ironic, she was killed by her own machinations.

Valdarian's actions was not appreciated however, as he was exiled from the order, his father disowning him for his part in the princess' death. "You were suppose to bring her back and marry her! Now I'll have to start all over again! I am very disappointed with you!"

But Valdarian didn't care. He took his mother, whoever family member was willing to leave and C'arika, and moved over to the Town of Grodia, now being a local hero.

No longer a black knight, he instead took white plate armor and became the White Knight of Grodia, champion of the city along with his wife, C'arika, who now was able to bring her people out of the jungle closer to the town for those who wished it.

Yes, Valdarian got what he had wanted so much.... true love and affection and from an unlikely source.(edited)

He was at peace at last.
Fin