Part 1 - Best laid plans

> You are Anon, and tonight's the night.
> For all your life you have been cursed with devilish good looks, a chiselled physique, and the towering stature of seven foot two.
> While all of your more average friends had paired up with their pick of needy anthro girlfriends, you had somehow remained alone.
> It didn't help that the only girls who showed you any interest were... big.
> Giraffe girls were the worst, trying to catch your attention by batting their freakishly large eyelashes at you, licking those chunky lips with those huge tongues... Ugh please.
> You had always hankered after a very different kind of girl, a small one. No not just small like everyone else, short. 
> You dreamed of a girl you pick up in your arms, that you could throw over your shoulder and bend to your will. 
> Sadly your size worked against you here. Whenever you approached one that caught your eye, they freaked out over your size and left, usually running. 
> You had started to lose hope, until your buddies told you about a new club that had opened up in town.
> It was a place that was run by mice for mice, but they didn't stop any larger anthros coming in either, and they didn't have a no human policy.
> Your first attempt had ended in failure. Each group of four foot beauties you approached took one look at your magnificence and scattered.
> The only girl there to not run screaming was, of all things, a damned hippo. You weren't into chunk.
> Tonight would be different. You had a secret weapon, it was banned in most states, but you knew a guy.
> Tonight was going to be a good night...
--------------------------
> You chose to wait until you were in the club to deploy the package. A couple of mousey bouncers were of no concern, but the big ass rhino they kept as backup would cause problems if they caught on too early.
> Once inside you head for the toilets, the excitement building with each step.
> The restroom was large and separated into three sections, small, medium and large, to accommodate all the various club patrons.
> Choosing an empty cubical in the middle section, you pull out the package.
> The weasel who had sold it to you had explained it like this- there were two small bottles, one contained a small amount of clear liquid and one was an aerosol. Step one involved spraying yourself with what was essentially a suped up hormone mix, developed to mimic an anthro mouse's state of extreme arousal. It had no detectable odor and by itself had little effect on any female exposed to it, apart from making them a little... ancy.
> The liquid was designed to seriously mess with the female's pheromone levels. Once ingested by the target (say in their drink...) it took effect within minutes, again it had little noticeable effect on behavior by itself.
> The genius was how the two compounds reacted together. Once the two targets came into contact, the female would experience a severe reaction. The result was uncontrollable lust for the one wearing the spray . They had discovered and bottled lust!
> Once you had sprayed yourself up and spiked your chosen little squeaker... she would be yours. 
> The guy who sold it had given you two warnings. First, the effects would last for two full days, 48 hours. So make sure to prepare accordingly (wink wink).
> The second warning? It wont wear off until the time is up, no backsies (and no refunds).
> As you smother yourself in illegal mousy lust spray, you begin to imagine the joys that await...
> You strut your stuff through the club. The rhythmic pounding of the music rippling through you with each step.
> Much like the restroom the club had different sections, small only, big only and a middle ground where the adventurous could mingle.
> As much as you wanted to go for the small area, to test out your new and undetectable 'Magnetism', you had to be cautious.
> Setting up by the bar you prepare your web.
> A drink in hand, you wait.

> It didn't take very long, quicker than you hoped even.
> A group of four mouse girls had worked up the courage to leave the safety of their own kind and mingle. Their first stop was, of course, the bar.
> They all wore a variation of the same cocktail dress, intended to match but also to be unique.
> One in particular caught your eye, she was a touch shorter than the other three, her coat of fur was a silken white, which highlighted the pink of her small hands, nose and ears. She wore a red dress which shimmered in the flashing lights of the club, where her friends giggled and chittered between themselves, she stood slightly apart, twisting her hands nervously. Perfect.
> As they made to order you sidle over, remaining seated so they didn't get startled by your impressive height.
> "Ladies good evening! Please allow me." 
> They look a bit nervous but let you buy them their drinks, after all there were four of them and one of you...
> They start small, a small fruity number, not very strong.
> You get them talking, to tell you a bit about themselves. They work at a small accounting office a few blocks down, the cute little shy mouse you had marked as yours, her name is Marie.
> They are all there on a night out to celebrate, Marie has been there a year.
> "Oh wow really? That's pretty impressive!" you bleat. "We gotta have another drink to celebrate! I'm buying!"
> This obvious bit of crappery from a strange human at the bar really shouldn't work, but with your secret lust funk starting to work its magic... they decide to let you join the party.

> Its almost time. They've graduated up to cocktails now and their getting more chatty.
> You've been sitting next to Marie at the bar, quite deliberately, and you can see she's feeling the effects. The pink of her ears is starting to look slightly flushed and she keeps fiddling with her dress.
> Even the others are starting to get more noticeably friendly, as you are with Marie they are starting to flirt with some of the other patrons. The group is slowly braking up.
> The only fly in the ointment is the big furry brute on the stool next to yours. They keep bumping into you, you are doing your best to focus on your mouse but its getting distracting.
> Time for the next step.
> "Hey Marie? Its getting crowded up here. Why don't we go to a booth so we can talk more... privately."
> Despite the effect your having on her, she is still reluctant to leave the group. Unfortunately for her however the others are all either deep in conversation with other club goers or deep in a game of tonsil tennis in one case. They are of no help to her now.
> "Its ok really! Tell you what, you go grab a booth and I'll get us another drink ok?"
> Isolated from her friends and feeling a bit weird, she heads for the seats you pointed out.
> All that's left is the finishing touch... 
> You order her another cocktail, a double measure, just for luck and a small vodka tonic for yourself. Taking the small vial from your pocket, you give her drink that special kick.
> As you prepare to go in for the kill, the brute to your right reaches over and downs the drink in one.
> WTF?

> You turn to look at the thief in disbelief. It had cost you a whole lot of cash to buy that shit, for some drunken bear or whatever it was to just swig it down...
> Your anger would have to wait, usually in these situations you towered over whoever was stupid enough to pick a fight... 
> This time however you were the one feeling small. 
> The drink thief hadn't been sitting on a stool like you had thought, they couldn't fit on one for one thing.
> It was, by your best estimate, at least eight foot tall. It was covered in dark brown fur, it shined slightly in the light coming from the bar yet had a shaggy quality to it. 
> It was a she you notice next, mostly due to the low cut purple top she was wearing which showed off an ample bosom, the contents of each cup at least the size of your head.
> Her face sported a large black nose, while protruding out in a familiar sort of shape you couldn't quite place, it was also flat, a bit like a beaver. Two small ears popped up on either side of her head. Two beady black eyes watched you with interest, a smile on her lips also revealing a large set of almost rat like teeth.
> Plucking up your courage you decide to confront her.
> "Hey that drink wasn't for you, whatcha playing at!?!"
> She leans down on the bar, bringing her closer to your level and providing an unavoidable view of her cleavage.
> "I've been watching you hun..." she whispers, somehow overpowering the music.
> "Why are you bothering with those small fry hmm? Nice big boy like you needs a big girl like me dontcha think?"
> Not even that slutty giraffe had been this forward with you... Still, despite losing the drink you might still be able to score with one of the mice, they may not lose their minds like you planned for Marie but the spray still made them more... suggestible.
> "Sorry lady but I got plans tonight so if you don't mind..."
> You turn away to order another drink but a big hand catches your shoulder and slowly turns you back.
> "Hey what's your pro....."
> She's somehow gotten closer, those big teeth inches from your nose. 
> The shape of her face was familiar...
> Oh. Oh shit.
> Having something of a mouse fetish you had downloaded a documentary on the various types and variations of rodent anthro a while back. While you had focused your attention on the sexy little ones, you remember something about a much more rare, but larger rodent being mentioned. The Capybara.
> Your panic starts to rise.
> "Oh come on hun... why don't we blow this joint and go somewhere more... fun?"
> You cast your mind back to the weasel who sold you the stuff, had he said mouse hormones specifically or did he just say rodent...
> At the time your thoughts had been on getting your hands on a tiny cutie, you hadn't paid much attention to the semantics.
> If she was reacting to the spray... and she just swigged down that drink...
> Mission abort!
> The thought of a tiny mouse girl begging for your cock was one thing, but this towering she daemon? She would just take it!
> "Oh is that the time? I gotta go! Early start tomorrow an all so see ya!"
> If you were lucky you could still escape before the stuff in the drink kicked in. God help you if she decided she wanted you then and there.
> Without waiting for a reply you bolt for the exit.
> You make it far enough to see the main entrance, but no further. A strong pair of arms grab you around the waist and pull you back.
> "Where you going sweety? The party's just getting started!"
> Oh shit oh shit.
> She's pulling you backwards in a big bear hug, your feet aren't even touching the ground. The force of her grip has crushed the air from your lungs, you cant even shout.
> Instead of pulling you back to the bar, she's dragging you to the restrooms.
> Did I mention Oh Shit!?!
> You manage to grab at the door frame as she pushes her way inside, its no use however. She keeps going regardless, some human claw marks left on the paintwork are your only reward.
> She pulls you over to one of the larger cubicles for the big anthros. She drops you down and locks the door behind her.
> "Ok I think there's been some miscommunication here lady, how about you open that door and we go back and get a drunk huh?"
> Your pleas fall on deaf ears however, there's a mad hunger in her eyes. The drink has taken effect. You are now the only thing she can think about.
> Standing there, next to the oversized toilet, you realise that this might be where you die. This crazed capybara was going to pound your pelvis into dust, and there was nothing you could do about it.
> You briefly consider flushing yourself as a means of escape but its too late.
> She grabs you by the shoulders and pulls you in.
> You find yourself crushed between her big furry tits. She moans loudly into your ear. "Ohhhh I need you! I need you now!"
> She starts by smothering your face with her lips, planting big greedy kisses across your cheek and lips. The feeling of those big rodent buckteeth scraping against your skin is something you would wake up screaming over for years to come.
> When she finally drops you back down there is little to be done other than lean against the wall and struggle for breath.
> She's far from done with you though.
> She suddenly drops to her knees and starts pulling at your belt buckle.
> Images of what those teeth would do to your dick cause you to struggle against her.
> Its no use though, she has you pinned.
> As your pants finally drop you feel her hot breath over you family jewels. With mounting horror you also realise that your body has betrayed you, her hungry gaze is focused on your throbbing boner.
> Either you have been visited by the fabled fear boner of legend... or that damned spray had some additional side effects.
> You just manage to whimper out a "cant we just be friends?" before she goes for gold.
> Taking your sizable length into her mouth she gets to work, slurping and sucking at you greedily. There's no finesse here, just her desperate need to feed on your seed.
> You hold on to her head for dear life, emotions crashing from the fear of those teeth to mind numbing ecstasy.
> She's holding on to your butt cheeks all the while, stopping you from pulling out and giving her the leverage to go from working on your tip with her tongue to pulling you down to her throat.
> She's relentless, and it doesn't take long for you to feel your limit coming.
> You try and speak but only a strangled groan escapes your lips.
> She feels you tense up, but instead of pulling away she actually tightens her grip. 
> As you finally let rip she takes it all, gulping down your cum like its the nectar of the gods themselves.
> When at last your spent, she releases you and pulls your cock from her mouth with a wet 'pop'.
> All you can do is lean against the toilet and pant, god damn that was intense.
> She is still on her knees, panting just as hard. 
> With a contented little giggle she licks her lips and smiles. 
> "Mmmm that was tasty... What else ya got for me?"
> The realisation sinks in that she is going to be like this for another 48 hours. She was not done with you yet. Not by a long shot.
-----------------------------------------------
Part 2 - Predator 

  >  As you try and catch your breath, the lust gripped giant pulls herself up from her knees.  Her eyes are still burning with unnatural desire.
  >  While she stands there, plotting what to do with you next, you become aware of a strange dripping sound.  It shouldn't be all that strange considering you're in a nightclub restroom but the noise seems to be coming from somewhere around your feet.
  >  Looking down, you see that it's coming from her.  More specifically, from between her legs.
  >  A small pool is forming from the juices leaking from under her skirt, damn you knew this stuff was supposed to be powerful but to have this sort of effect?  Maybe it was due to her size...
  >  Mistaking your look of mounting horror for what must of been arousal, she let out a girlish giggle and began to fumble with her skirt.
  >  As you manage to return your gaze to her excited features, a new noise forces you to look down once more.  It was a wet slapping noise...
  >  It was her large black panties hitting the floor.  They were completely soaked!  Her next words are what finally drove you to desperate action.
  >  "Ok big boy...  I can't wait any longer.  I've had a taste but now it's your turn...  I need you inside me..."
  >  She said that last bit with what probably sounded like seductive beckoning to her own ears, but to you it sounded like the kind of desperate need used by a starving cannibal suggesting you hand over your spleen.
  >  They say fear gives men wings.  Well, the fear of what awaited you between those thick hairy thighs certainly caused you to fly.  In one motion you manage to yank up your pants, leap up onto large toilet behind and then on to the cistern.  She reached up to grab you but it was too late, you had already jumped up and over the cubicle wall.
  >  Hitting the ground at a run it should have been simple to make your escape.  She was still trying to open the fiddly lock on the door and it was a straight run for the exit once outside the restrooms...
  >  Unfortunately for you however, if there was a God he was in a particularly vindictive mood tonight.  As you ran your pants slipped downwards, you not having the time to buckle up yet, that and a clump of wet tissue underfoot caused you to tumble forwards and crack your head against the tile floor.
  >  The world spun as you tried to get back up, but it was no good.  She had you.
  >  As everything went fuzzy you feel a strong pair of hands pull you up.  A concerned voice reaches out through the fog where your brain should be.
  >  "Oh dear you're bleeding!  We can't have fun like this...  Let me take you home and kiss it all better..."
  >  You no longer have the sense or the strength to resist.  You're dimly aware of your pants being pulled back up before you are pulled through the door.
  >  The muffled but unmistakable sound of the big rhino bouncer floats past, she's taking you outside?  You attempt to call out for help but all you manage is a moan.  The sound of your captor once more talking cuts off the attempt.
  >  "Oh don't worry about him, he had too much to drink and fell over.  I'm just taking him home.  Are there any cabs waiting?  Great!  Thanks!"
  >  Your feet barely touch the ground as she pulls you along, your arm pulled around her neck while hers held your waist.  To anyone looking it was just someone helping a friend who had gotten a bit too merry, no one suspected the reality of your plight.
  >  The last thing you remember before passing out was the feeling of her grinding on you in the back of a huge taxi cab, and the sound of her voice as she whispered all the things she was going to do to you when she got you back home...
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  >  When consciousness finally returned you were greeted by a multitude of sensations, all of them either bad or disorienting. 
  >  The first thing you notice is the pounding in your head, the feeling of what was either a tiny chain gang of angry convicts hammering away inside your skull or an elephant sized ballerina trying, and failing, to leap about on your brain.
  >  The next sensation was actually a mix of several.  The crushing pressure of something wrapped all around, the heady smell of cheap perfume, the raspy tickle of thick, coarse fur on your naked skin, and a strange vibrating that seemed to be coming from within it all.
  >  As your senses slowly clear, the memories from the club start to surface, and the reality of your situation sinks in.
  >  That crazy capybara had taken you home, her home.  You were now in her bed, in her arms, naked and pinned.  Had she been... doing things while you were unconscious?  You didn't feel particularly ravaged apart from the headache so hopefully not...  
  >  Her breath was short and uneven, her heart racing, so not asleep despite the lack of movement otherwise.  Trying to move yourself was probably a bad idea right now...  Yet staying put wasn't an option either.  
  >  You were laying on your side, her big arms around you from behind, so you could only really see the side wall.  What you saw however was enough to send a block of ice to your already squirming gut.
  >  Her wall was plastered with posters of music stars and actors both new and old, pop stars, rock stars, teen heartthrobs and aging Casanovas.  Every inch of wall was covered.  All of them men.  All of them human.
  >  Why would a big ass anthro capybara have that many posters of human men?  Why was her bedside table decorated with little photo frames of a young Rick Astley,  all with smeared lipstick marks?  The answer of course was that she must have a thing for humans.  Where you had a hankering for small mouse girls, she had an obsession with human men, a humanphile!  You had just accidentally dosed her with lust juice!
  >  As your internal alert status upgrades from 'imminent danger of pelvic pulverization' to 'extreme risk of death by snu snu', something else that had been bothering you came to mind.  What was that odd vibrating?  It seemed to be coming from her...
  >  Just then, she gives you a squeeze, causing you to involuntarily give a little yelp.  She instantly goes tense.
  >  Shooting up and dropping you back on the bed, she gives a little shriek of excitement and starts bouncing.
  >  "Oh good you're awake!" she gushes. "I've been laying here with you for hours now and I was starting go get worried...  I don't think I could have waited much longer!"
  >  Just how long have you been here?  First things first, escape, then worry about how many hours of your life you will never get back.
  >  "Listen... my head really hurts, I need to see a doctor in case I have a concussion or something.  Can I have my pants back?  Please?"
  >  You really hope that appealing to her sense of sympathy might cut through the lust haze here but the look in those big dark eyes tells you otherwise.
  >  "Don't worry baby..." she coos.  "I'm here to look after you.  We can play doctor and nurses all you want..."
  >  That was not the answer you were hoping for.  
  >  Next you try the more direct approach; running from the building naked and screaming.
  >  You make to leap from the bed, only to once more find yourself on the floor.  'Someone' had tied your ankle to the bed using a large pair of lacy underwear.
  >  In response to this your captor chuckles, like you just made an off hand joke or something.
  >  "Silly!  I put that there because you kept on falling out of bed!  Don't you remember?"
  >  It would seem that even unconscious, you had been attempting to make your escape, with about as much luck.
  >  She had been sitting on the bed dressed in nothing but a set of red lingerie, big enough to clothe a smaller anthro mouse but barely enough to contain the larger girl's considerable bust.  Once getting up and plopping you back on the covers, she decided to solve the mystery that had been bugging you.
  >  "Wait there just a second hun.  I was going a bit crazy here while you were sleeping so I had to uhh... take care of myself.  Let me just get ready and I'll be all yours!"
  >  The red panties she was wearing were just as sodden as the black ones she had dropped in the club, what was going on underneath them provided the answer to your unasked question however.
  >  She stood one leg on the bed, exposing her soaked pussy to you.  To your horrified fascination, you realise there's something inside...
  >  With a throaty moan, she reaches down and grabs hold of... whatever it was, and pulls.  It comes out slowly, inch after inch, until it's finally tugged out with a sucking pop.  It's a big fuck off dildo, a human shaped one, that's vibrating!  The crazy mega rodent had been laying there hugging you for who knows how long with that vibrating monstrosity in her snatch!  If the stuff she had been dosed with was this strong, what the hell was she going to do to you next!?!
  >  Even as you try to fumble with your panty shackles, it's too late.  She's thrown the throbbing piece of silicon aside and is back on the bed, crawling towards you on all fours.  The look in her eyes is... predatory.
  >  Sweet Lord...  You really should have just settled for the slutty giraffe...
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  >  She started with the pretense of restraint, perhaps attempting to live out some long held human fancying fantasy of your 'first time' together, and closed slowly.
  >  It didn't last though, it couldn't really, not with your love funk now flowing freely through her bloodstream.
  >  The second her large furry hand touched the bare skin of your foot she accelerated sharply from sultry crawl to full on pounce.
  >  You found yourself gasping for air as she landed on you with the force of a wrestler's body slam, once more pinning you in place upon the bed and crushing your chest in the process.
  >  She hungrily covered your face with sloppy wet kisses, groaning slightly between breaths and lapping at your skin, savoring perhaps the taste of your panicked sweat.
  >  Eventually she withdrew again, pulling herself up from your chest and once more allowing you to breathe just as little black spots had began to crawl across your vision.
  >  It wasn't to let you go though, it was simply to get herself in position for the main event.
  >  Wheezing, you try and speak, to demand she let you go, to bargain, to plead...
  >  Nothing came out however bar your ragged breath, desperately sucking down oxygen.
  >  For her part, she positioned her already soaked nethers over your crotch and began to grind.
  >  "Oh don't tease me sweety..." she moaned.
  >  "Give momma what she needs..."
  >  She was roughly gyrating her swollen and needy cunt over your still flaccid cock, eagerly attempting to coax another erection out of you.
  >  After what had happened in the club however, you had no intention of letting her have her way with you, this was supposed to be the night where you were in control not the other way around dammit!
  >  Despite summoning images of the worst horrors you could imagine from your depraved mind, it was sadly no use.
  >  The sensation of a set of hot, wet and throbbing pussy lips roughly massaging your crotch was enough to draw the trouser snake that was your manhood from its lair.
  >  The second she felt the stiffness forming she gasped, her movement faltering... before redoubling her efforts and grinding that much harder.
  >  "Yes!" she squealed suddenly, causing you to jump despite your position.
  >  "That's what I want!  That's it!"
  >  You could only grumble and squirm as her movements became more painful, as her bulk stopped your now arrived boner from standing to attention and instead crushed it uncomfortably.
  >  Either in response to your pained expression, or because she couldn't contain herself anymore, she pulled back her hips and sat back upon your thighs, freeing your member and giggling as it sprung up straight and wobbled.
  >  "Mine... all mine..."  she muttered to herself, beady black eyes focused on her prize while drool started to drip from the corner of her gaping mouth.
  >  "Just wait a minute..."  you finally manage to mumble, but she couldn't hear you anymore.
  >  She was already lost in her cock lust, only able to see your pulsing member, only able to hear the sweet music it sang only to her...
  >  Without further delay, she pulled herself back forwards and sat down forcibly, her hungry snatch clamping down upon your length as it swallowed you inch by inch.
  >  As the heat of her quivering insides started to radiate through you, a part of your mind began to question why you were fighting this.
  >  You have been bitching about how lonely you are since forever, literally chasing mouse tail wherever the chance arose and even buying illegal substances to try and get laid.
  >  Granted, this girl is a bit... larger, than what you wanted, but surely it should be considered a good thing to have her so needily spearing herself on you like this?
  >  The line of thought never quite reached its natural conclusion though, as the steady feeling of warmth and pleasure suddenly found themselves competing with a much stronger sensation.  Pain.
  > She had comfortably hilted herself, taking a second to let out a shivering moan, before roughly pulling herself back upwards and slamming her full weight back down on you.
  >  The force of her sizable bulk crushed your pelvis down into the not actually too soft mattress,  causing some warn springs to jab into your buttocks and your groin to protest painfully.
  >  "Shit!  Slow down you crazy-"
  Your protest ended prematurely as another crushing blow came down and stole your only recently recovered voice away and into a grunt of pain.
  >  She was now bouncing on your cock quite merrily, her glazed eyes staring down into yours vacantly, her large breasts slapping down against her furry chest with the force of her exertions, and putting her full mass into riding you.
  >  Pain fought with pleasure as you tried to weather her 'lovemaking', curses and screams mixing with moans and half-formed words.
  >  Much like before, it didn't take long for you to feel the stirrings from within your swiftly bruising nuts, her merciless riding giving you no option but to let loose.
  >  You of course tried to fight it, not wanting to run the risk of actually impregnating this crazed girl and creating one of those messed up hybrids that you heard of in the news every few years, but your aching balls couldn't be stopped with willpower alone.
  >  You tried pushing her off, but it was like trying to stop a charging rhino with nothing but your bare hands...  She just kept on bouncing.
  >  "Wait!  Stop dammit I'm gonna-"
  >  It was no use though, she was still lost in the drug addled euphoria, worshiping your dick with the passion of a zealot.
  >  You scream as you release, a mix of pain, pleasure, frustration and despair erupting from you in time with your seed.
  >  She barely seemed to notice however, smiling a little wider perhaps but otherwise not missing a stroke.
  >  "F-fuck... you got what you want..." you pant wearily, your already battered manhood still trapped within her bouncing snatch.
  >  "Just stop already...  I need to rest..."
  >  You were defeated, lost, no longer able to bring yourself to resist...
  >  But she just kept on going... and going... and going...
  >  "Come on already!" you wheeze, panic again starting to build back up as you look up at her still blissfully glazed face.
  >  "Can you hear me?  Stop already dammit!"
  >  Even as you spoke you felt her shudder and clench, her bouncing slowing as she seemed to reach her own private climax.
  >  You begin to hope that its over, that she might finally be satisfied and roll over onto the other side of the bed and at least let you rest...
  >  Her eyes cleared for moment, even as her tongue lolled out from the side of her mouth, and she smiled again.
  >  It was there that your hope died, that the realisation there wasn't going to be any easy way out of this hit home fully.
  >  As you saw the insatiable look of hunger burn in those black eyes of hers, before she resumed her riding of you once more.
  >  All you could do was scream as she bounced on your already battered cock, as it came apparent that she would most likely be doing this until the 48 hours were up, and possibly longer...
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Final Part - Lovestoned
  >  It was a full 24 hours later that the cops broke down her door, a full day of relentless fucking that broke you in more ways than one.
  >  Your besotted captor rode you endlessly, alternating between her upright cowgirl position to laying down upon you, trapping your face within the cleavage of her monstrous bosom as she tired slightly, but never relenting.
  >  As your member eventually succumbed to fatigue and softened, she switched back to grinding and gyrating on you, working you with increasing frustration until she forced life back into your battered and aching meat once more.
  >  Again and again you came, releasing the diminishing contents of your balls into her, you vaguely felt the sheets below you become sticky with your mixed fluids as it leaked out of her already overflowing lips.  
  >  You couldn't remember how long you had been there when you heard the first snap, when the first flare of true agony had erupted from your pelvis.
  >  She hadn't stopped though, her mind locked away behind the walls of need you had inadvertently erected within her, just continued bouncing and grinding as she attempted to coax another boner out of you.
  >  When the grating of broken bones from within your battered pelvic region failed to give her what she wanted, she changed position again, laying in a '69' position on top of you.
  >  You found your screams muffled by her swollen and leaking hole as lay upon you on her stomach, and attempted to lick, slurp and suck some life back into your meat.
  
  >  This was how the cops had found you when they entered, trapped underneath her, screaming and gibbering as she nibbled on your scrotum 'sexily'.
  >  It took six officers (one of which was a literal bear) to pry her off of you and subdue her.
  >  She screamed and wailed like a banshee as they dragged her away, kicking and biting at anything she could in an attempt to break free and get back to you.
  >  Your last memory before blacking out for the final time in that nightmare of a room was one of the cops looking at you in horror, and shouting "get some goddam paramedics in here now!" into his radio.
--------------------------------------------------------
  >  In the months that followed, you spent a long time in hospital recovering.
  >  You had come away from your time with the crazed capybara with a shattered pelvis, four broken fingers, two cracked ribs, severe bruising, internal bleeding, numerous cuts scratches and bites, and a near critical level of dehydration.
  >  The final police report on the whole situation had been inconclusive, with you refusing to say anything other than that she had kidnapped you, her not saying much of anything from her padded cell, and the little bottles you had used to start this whole thing having been lost at the club somewhere during the initial struggle.
  >  The stuff that you had sprayed was almost undetectable within 24 hours of application, while the liquid in the drink was all but invisible once absorbed by the 'victim's' blood cells, so there was no evidence to pursue a case against you.
  >  As for her...
  >  She had been either catatonic or full blown crazed struggling to escape since being taken away from you, apparently one of the reasons that the concoction was outlawed was not only the moral implications but because it can cause severe and permanent reactions in certain anthros in rare cases, which had pretty much robbed her of her mind and replaced it with a never ending need for your dick.
  >  There was no getting off scot-free for you though.
  >  You would never be able to walk again without the aid of a walking stick, and it took the best part of a year before you no longer had to pee through a tube.
  >  You would forever carry the scars of your carefully planned night of rodent passion, and you would never again sleep a full night without her coming to haunt your dreams, come to steal away your seed like some kind of perverted nightmare sandman.
  
  >  If there is to be a moral to this story it is this...
  >  Even the best laid plans can come apart, and what you desire isn't always what you will ultimately get.
  >  That and also to make doubly sure that there are no lusty capybaras around when you try roofying a petite mouse girl, unless you are into that kind of thing I guess...

Fin