>You awaken in a room you do not recognize.
>A chill runs down your spine as you scan your surroundings.
>At first glance, it looks to be a normal motel room.  You start to breathe a sigh of relief...
>Then you realize just how... ruined the room looks.  It's in a state of total disrepair.
>Holes the size of a grown man in the ceiling.  Moss growing in the carpet.  Windows shattered into countless pieces.  Worrying red stains on the walls...
>You try to recall how you got here, but to no avail.
>The last thing you remember is going to sleep in your own bed.
>Then... how'd you end up here?
>You slowly rise off the creaky, uncomfortable bed, noting with some alarm that SOMETHING has been chewing on the sheets.  Fairly recently at that, judging by how they're still damp with saliva.
>...did... did you do this?
>You shake your head, attempting to clear your thoughts, then cautiously walk around the room.
>Judging by the sheer volume of water pouring in through the splintered window, there's a hell of a storm brewing outside.
>Great.  Looks like leaving may be tricky.
>A clap of thunder rattles the motel, and you hear something that fills you with dread...
>Something just ran down the hall, past the door to your room.

>Every horror movie you've ever seen comes to mind as your brain throws up countless red flags.
>That door is your only way out... right?
>A look out the window reveals that you're quite a few floors up. So... window's not an option.
>No bones about it.  You're gonna have to go out that door.
>You grab a rotten wood bedpost and snap it off; a makeshift club beats nothing.
>Now armed... more or less, you slowly step out of the room.
>The hallway is very dark, with a few bare, shattered lightbulbs swinging mournfully from their wiring.
>A sparse handful of intact bulbs glow dimly, casting just enough light for you to find your way.
>...and to reveal deep scratches in the wooden floor.  Very deep.
>Another chill oozes down your back, and you tighten your grip on your weapon.  Another rumble of thunder shakes the floor.  In the aftermath, you hear something large moving around...
>Sounds like it's...
>behind you.

>Slowly.  Ever so slowly, you turn around.
>...you see nothing.  Must have been your imagination...?
>After staring down the ruined, dim hallway, you resume walking, still watching over your shoulder.
>It's only a moment before you run into something very large and hard, knocking you onto your rear.
>Despite every fiber of your being telling you not to, you look up at what you hit...
>and immediately feel your blood ice over in your veins.
>Standing over you is what you are at first tempted to call... a dog.
>But even a cursory examination reveals that this... thing is no mere mutt.
>It stands on its freakishly long hind legs like a blasphemous mockery of man.  Long, gnarled black claws extend from its toes, clearly sharp enough to make the gashes you've seen in the floor.
>A long tail droops between its legs, apparently broken and bent at an awkward angle.  It twitches fitfully as the creature lingers above you.
>A gaunt torso walks the line between canine and humanoid, being just familiar enough in shape to be uncanny.
>The creature's arms are clearly modified legs, with them bending rather awkwardly, as if unfit for their new duty.  A matching set of coal black claws decorate the "fingers" of its paws.
>Topping off the freakish beast is a head that is recognizably canine, with a long, angular muzzle.  Countless fangs line its maw, dripping with saliva.  Where there ought to be eyes is nothing but skin and fur, and yet the creature seems fixated on you.  Atop its head jut four pointed ears, the two pairs being distinct from one another but all bearing notches and bites out of them.
>The whole thing is wrapped in incredibly short, mangy fur with the color and texture of dried, caked on blood. The scent of blood emanates from the beast as it quietly slavers over you.

>Panicked, you take a wild swing with your makeshift club.  It cracks against the beast's knees, and promptly breaks in two.
>The creature lets out a sound you can only associate with the mental image of a yelping dog stuffed full of gravel and sand.  It staggers and nearly falls, then shuffles away painfully.  Its ears droop, and its bent and broken tail tucks farther between its shaking legs.
>As the being retreats, a pang of guilt courses through you, dulling your terror for a moment.  It shuffles out of sight, making a point not to turn its back on you.  You shakily rise up from the floor and gather the two halves of your ruined weapon.
>The roof above you springs a prompt leak, dumping rain onto your head.  You dash into the nearest room to escape the downpour.
>Another clap of thunder rings out, and your blood curdles as the beast charges into the room behind you.  It stops dead in its tracks, muzzle angled towards you as if staring despite its lack of eyes.
>It seems to slowly look over your body... until it takes notice of your bedpost club.
>To your horror, the beast lets off a low growl not unlike what you imagine a creature 10 times its size might loose from its throat.
>On top of that, it becomes apparent that, even with its hunched stance...
>This thing is several feet larger than you.

>The beast takes a lurching step forward, and panic sets in again.  You frantically look for an escape, and find one in the form of a door to the next room over.
>Flinging your broken weapon to the ground, you sprint through the door and out of the new room, leaving your pursuer behind, if only for a moment.
>Indeed, it almost immediately gives chase, soon using its twisted forelimbs for their original purpose by adopting a four legged run.
>It continues to growl deeply as it slowly loses ground, eventually falling out of sight completely.
>You begin to slow your pace, gasping for breath, when the deafening sound of a door being kicked in rings through the hallway.
>Out of nowhere, the creature appears in front of you, taking a wild swing with its front claws.  You stop just shy of it plunging those claws directly into your chest, then pivot and run away again.  As you pass the room you originally lost it in, the beast somehow steps out of that door as well.
>You cast a disbelieving glance over your shoulder to confirm what you just saw, and to your growing horror...
>There are somehow two of them.
>Another ear splintering slam echoes in front of you as the beast yet again appears in your path, this time opening cavernous jaws in an attempt to bite you.  You make a hairpin turn and run into a nearby room.
>Your heart and mind race, but somehow you know:
>Despite it being in multiple places, this is only one solitary creature.

>Probably futilely, you shut and lock the door.  You hear ragged breathing just outside, but for some reason the creature doesn't make an attempt to enter.
>...apparently, in your panicked state, your body has gotten some mixed messages.  Despite the gravity of your situation, you are struck by a singular thought:
>Seduce the beast.
>Perhaps too much time spent on furry sites.  Perhaps you have some deeply hidden fetish you yourself were unaware of.  Perhaps you've suffered a head injury at some point and your thought process has been thoroughly derailed.
>No matter the reason, you are assured that this is a valid solution to the problem.
>So assured, in fact, that you unlock the door before stripping down to nothing and lounging across the ruined mattress.
>The creature opens the door with surprising care, then freezes upon entering the room.  Its pointed muzzle aims towards you, and its fang-lined jaw drops slightly.
>It slowly approaches you, sniffing the air tentatively.
>Part of you isn't entirely convinced you've done anything but render yourself an even easier kill.
>Another part of you swears the creature just... "glanced" at your package and licked its lips.
>It steps even closer, then awkwardly halts.
>It takes a deep, shuddering breath, then attempts to straighten up to its full height.
>Unfortunately, its unusual build renders that impossible.  But, with this new vantage point comes some startling realizations.
>Between its legs-come-arms swing two fairly large breasts, and lining its torso are many small but visible nipples.
>So IT is actually...
>A she.

>Smiling awkwardly, being careful not to bare any teeth lest she consider that a threat, you sit up and reach a shaking hand towards her head.  The creature seems to watch you closely, angling her head as necessary.  Her ears twitch erratically.
>Once your hand is close, she leans forward and sniffs it cautiously...
>Then bows her head farther.  You tentatively rub your hand across the top of the beast's head, watching her ears jerk about as if being electrocuted.
>The fur is precisely as wiry and rough as it looks, to the point it almost feels like you're petting steel wool.
>Still, you persevere in the interest of diplomacy.  Those claws and teeth are rather compelling arguments for approaching this peacefully.
>To your amazement, the creature's mangled tail gently sways back and forth.  Is she... enjoying this?
>You continue petting until she seems thoroughly calmed and satisfied.  When you retract your hand, she tilts her head in apparent confusion.
>...a feeling of boldness overwhelms your better judgment.
>You stand from the bed and saunter over to the beast, who for her part manages to look confused even without eyes.  Upon getting close enough, you carefully wrap an arm around the tall, gaunt creature and pull her close.
>Not an easy task, as despite her lean build, she's actually quite strong and weighty.
>You press your bare form against her, feeling the rather uncomfortable wiry fur brush against your skin.
>A few of her nipples brush against you, and you feel them...
>Hardening.

>...it seems that your current path to diplomacy is working quite well.
>Taking care not to make any sudden moves, you gently caress the creature's body, noting that despite its monstrous form it does have a vaguely feminine contour to it.
>Her snapped tail wags like a tattered flag in the wind, and her ears twitch madly in four different directions.
>You attempt to feel out her receptiveness...
>One hand runs down her back, eventually creeping along to the base of her tail, revealing a firm, fairly humanoid rear despite her canine legs.  You press your luck with a quick grope, and get a snarl for your troubles.
>You quickly take your hand away from her backside, and she seems to calm down.
>Keeping a close eye on her reactions, you now run a hand along the long row of nipples decorating her torso.
>Each one perks up as you do, and her tail goes berserk.
>You eventually follow the trail upwards to her breasts, marveling at their moderately impressive size and perkiness.  She seems to watch you closely as you tentatively give them a squeeze...
>Her tongue almost immediately flops from her mouth when you do so, only for her to reel it back in almost instantly.
>With that bit of research done... you again feel that wave of boldness.
>You carefully lead the beast to the trashed mattress, then attempt to push her onto it.
>To your shock, she not only vehemently resists...
>She lifts you bodily and lays you on the bed instead.

>Both concerned and curious, you decide to let her take charge.  ...but you keep a close eye on her in case she tries anything funny.
>Once you're lying on your back, the beast tilts her head thoughtfully.  She tentatively leans over you and sniffs a few times, then is apparently satisfied with what she smells.
>She eagerly clambers onto the bed and crawls on top of you.
>Thanks to her size and weight, she effectively pins you to the mattress despite not showing any ill intent.  Her wiry fur scrapes along your bare skin as she crawls, a feeling that isn't wholly unpleasant.  Perhaps you're getting acclimated to it.
>Her breasts hang down slightly as she approaches your face, dragging over your crotch and chest.  You begin to feel yourself rising to the occasion, so to speak...
>Once her muzzle is even with your face, she stops crawling, merely resting her lean, muscled body atop you.
>Despite her lack of eyes, she gives the impression of staring at you thoughtfully, as if unsure what to do next.
>She eventually seems to decide, something vaguely approximating a smile spreading across her face.
>Her ears twitch wildly as she slowly, tenderly begins to grind herself against you, her chest pressing against yours and her legs kicked out behind her almost playfully.
>Her tail fidgets happily as she suddenly licks your cheek eagerly.
>After this, her grinding begins to accelerate, with her gradually rubbing against you faster and faster, her many nipples growing increasingly hard.

>Considering your partner is very easily capable of overpowering you, it seems that you couldn't stop her if you wanted to.
>Not that you really mind at this point.
>You're actually growing to love the feeling of her rough fur gently scrubbing against your skin.  The feeling of her pleasantly supple breasts pressing against your bare chest.  The subtle but noticeable feel of her claws on your shoulders.
>It all adds up to make this scenario...
>Surprisingly enjoyable.
>Her grinding has reached a fever pitch at this point, with her actually beginning to pant from exertion and... apparently arousal.  Her tongue rolls from her mouth, with her occasionally licking your face almost... affectionately?
>Her tail wags so hard you swear you see it hinging where it seems to be broken.
>Eventually, she begins to whine slightly, a sound that's surprisingly mundane for her.  She continues to grind against you, and it soon becomes apparent:
>She can't seem to satisfy herself.
>She growls quietly in frustration, and redoubles her efforts, to no apparent avail.  Despite her nethers practically dripping, she doesn't seem to be able to reach a climax.
>Whining and growling pitifully, she suddenly seems to get an idea.
>That deafening door slam echoes in your ears again, and somehow another instance of your partner is suddenly standing over you, looking down and panting in sync with the instance that is lying atop you.
>Before you can react, the standing beast firmly plants herself atop you, sitting down and resting her nethers on your face with what almost sounds like...
>A self satisfied snicker.

>Though you can no longer see your partner nor her double, you can tell by her squirming and whining that she's still aching for relief.
>...why not make her squirm just a tad more; what's the worst that could happen?
>Despite being in prime position to bring her to her knees with only your tongue, you keep your mouth steadfastly shut.
>Your refusal to play along doesn't go unnoticed, it seems.  Her whining becomes more urgent, almost pleading, and she frantically shifts her weight as to rub her womanhood across your face.
>When it becomes apparent what's going on, she begins to growl in frustration.  Both of her.
>The beast lying on top of you continues to grind her body against you roughly, her breasts pressing against your chest repeatedly.  She apparently can't think of any other solution to her problem, and neither can the one seated on your face.
>Suddenly, one of them lets out a strange, almost triumphant sound.
>Sounds like she has an idea.
>You feel the beast lying across you slowly crawl back down your body, her breasts again dragging teasingly across your body.  Once they reach your member, she suddenly stops, dropping them onto your quickly-stiffening rod.
>Satisfied with her position, the beast begins roughly massaging your length with her furred breasts.  The feel of her wiry fur in such a delicate area is bizarrely stimulating...
>You can't help but let out a gasp, and she lets out what could charitably be called a sigh of relief as your tongue incidentally brushes across her needy slit.

>You have to admit: her turnabout was impressive.
>So... you decide you've kept her waiting long enough.  As a reward for her cleverness, you plunge your tongue into her nethers.
>You are immediately met with what must be a moan of pleasure.  The instance of the beast you are tonguing fidgets about rapidly, apparently having trouble maintaining her composure.  You can hear her claws skitter against the floor as she apparently kicks in ecstatic throes of passion.
>Recalling an old trick you heard once, you use your tongue to spell out your name in the creature's depths, bringing her down to drawing long, shuddering pants and quietly moaning.
>Eventually, with a raspy howl that brings to mind some ancient, embalmed werewolf, she seems to finally get her much-needed release.
>She spasms a few times, then collapses forwards, allowing you to gasp and catch your breath.
>View now unobstructed, you see the two copies of the beast lying in total bliss.  One lies behind your head, her tail twitching restlessly just above your face.  The other has collapsed on top of you, your member still firmly wedged between her breasts.
>There's a sound like a rusty door creaking open, and suddenly the beast behind you vanishes.  The instance of her lying atop you remains.
>She pants and catches her breath for a moment, then slowly crawls up to be face to face.
>With an expression you suppose is intended to be a smile, she wraps her arms around you and licks your cheek appreciatively.

>Despite her being a monstrous being, you can't help but feel accomplished for bringing her to a climax.  She certainly seems happy about it.
>But there's still the matter of your own pleasure.  Beneath the beast, your rod still throbs, hoping for some stimulation.
>Your partner continues to lie on top of you, seeming very much satisfied and relaxed.  However, she soon seems to take notice of your restlessness.
>You can practically see her attempting to puzzle out your fidgeting.  She eventually lets out a sort of hiss that seems to approximate a gasp.  Again, she puts on that "pseudo-smile", then eagerly crawls back down off the bed.
>She seems to take a look at your stiff member, then unhesitatingly lowers herself onto it, quickly penetrating herself with another hissing gasp.
>Once she has mounted you, she quickly begins pumping her hips rhythmically, riding you into submission.
>You vaguely wonder where she learned some of these moves as she deftly works your length, leaving you in a hazy state of bliss.
>Only when you're practically bucking her off of you with your thrusts does she finally let you finish up, with sparks going off in your head.
>Once her work is done, the creature carefully dismounts you, then crawls back up to your face, licking your cheek once more.
>You shakingly wrap your arms around her, prompting yet another gasping hiss, then feel yourself drifting off to sleep.
>You groggily wonder if going to sleep with a massive, clawed beast atop you is a wise idea.
>...well, she hasn't killed you yet, so surely it's safe.
>You close your eyes with a sigh, then slip off into a deep slumber.

>You awaken with a shout.
>You had the strangest nightmare... you were in some strange, ruined motel, and there was a huge, canine beast.  
>You blink in shock when your shout is met with an alarmed, gravelly yelp.  Suddenly, a strong yet unwieldy pair of arms awkwardly wraps around you.
>Now you remember.  It wasn't a dream.
>The beast, seeming concerned, rests her head against your chest, cooing wordlessly in a raspy voice.
>Is she... trying to soothe you?
>You gently pet her on the head, and that seems to mollify her.  With an approximation of a sigh of relief, she gently runs a paw across your chest affectionately.
>Her tail slices through the air awkwardly, and her ears twitch restlessly.
>Despite her seeming satisfied with her attempt at calming you, she keeps her arms wrapped firmly around you.  Almost...
>Protectively, even.
>Despite her monstrous nature, you feel genuine love and care from this creature.  And, if you're honest with yourself...
>The feeling is mutual.
>You lean forward and plant a kiss on her forehead, snickering a little at the bizarre feel of her rough fur on your lips.
>She lets out a strange cry of glee, then embraces you even tighter.
>As the storm continues to rage outside, you rest easy, knowing that you've got someone to ride it out with you.