CHAPTER 1: (Squeak In The Night) "Dumpster Diving"
>You were walking down the road one day just thinking about the night before
>Your girlfriend had broken up with you spouting the good old "Its not you,its me" line but it turns out she was just fucking one of those new anthro things a wolf no less.
>Every step you took just makes you sink lower and lower, How could she do this to you? After everything you've done she goes off with a mutant creature because he has a whats it called? A "knot"?
>Fuck it you don't need her you have blackjack and hoo- The dumpster next to you rustles
>Being the stupid nosy fuck that you are, Struck by a moment of a despair fueled need to find out what it is
>Walking over the rustling increases more and more as if its...trying to get out?
>Not even thinking you fling it open and a furry projectile slams into me pushing me to the ground
>It looks shaken and covered in filth as it ferociously thrashes
>falling backwards it calms down and you notice its features
>Its large ears its slender tail its small height and perky brea- wait what.
>Its a she. Fuck you found a feral anthro.
>You can't even begin to comprehend what you just found as she starts to do this little half squeal half squeak thing as it turns around and dives for the trash
>She's obviously trying to hide herself from you but instead she's presenti-and yup she's a girl alright.
>You being in a sad empathetic mood you simply call out to calm her down as she continues to frantically dig
>"Hey don't worry Im friendly okay? See?" You utter as you extend your hand out, She instantly takes it as a threat and squeals louder as she finishes the cover of trash and peers at you with her eyes.
>They're quite cu- No its a feral mutant thats naked and covered in trash trying not to piss herself at the sight of you.
>Thinking quickly you retract your hand and simply squat down like your great ancestors use to do. You offer up your friendliest smile and introduce yourself
>"Hey Im anon, Im sorry for spooking you, Look I really don't mean to hurt you or anything I just got curious, Whats your name?"
>It seems to be working as after a moment or 10 she comes out slowly from the pile she simply squeaks in response and stays low basically crawling
>Yeah she's a feral alright, These things have been running rampant across the country after Anthros were released into the world the ones who didn't past the sapience tests were treated as predator species and herded up, Maybe you can bring her to a shelter?
>"Hey I mean it theres really nothing to fear I promise" You slowly stand up back to full height as you offer your hand to pull her up.
>She slowly stands up like you and offers her hand the same way
>Not seeing any other possibility you shake hers as she freezes and starts squeaking in a small panic
>She isn't running back to the pile so theres progress, You quickly calm her down and ask for a name if any as you look her over again.
>She's clearly malnourished her ribs are so visible she could be a skeleton and her size isn't one to brag about either a tiny 4'9 to your 7.
>She looks away from my gaze and is now just standing there, Not wanting Italian cuisine to destroy your progress if you can call it that with the anthro quickly I spoke up before she can dash off again "So uh...Do you...have a place to sleep?" Smooth.
>Well theres still no proper response but she does creep forward slowly and begins to sniff you?
>Yeah thats definitely a nose pressed against your chest, Well now she's leaning quite har- Is she sleeping!? Yeah she is, Theres a passed out malnourished rat girl in your arms now and the rains starting to pick up.
>Whatagreatdaygomelifeisamazing.jpg
>Without even thinking you start carry her lithe body in my arms back home
>By the time you got to the front door of your bungalow you were completely soaked trying to keep her dry, "Why are you doing this me!?" Fuck if you know.
>Getting in was a bit difficult holding her in your dominant hand but once in you placed her on the couch and rushed to get a proper blanket.
>Not even knowing how the fuck ferals act you just end up making a fluffy nest after lightly dabbing the moisture away.
>with that you strip, shower, shit and sleep like a fucking corpse.

>CHAPTER 2 (Squeak In The Night) "Slow Morning"
>Well that was a nice nig-.... FUCK THERES A FERAL IN MY HOUSE!
>How can you be so stupid! Why would you ever bring a feral let alone a rat into your fucking home!
>Not even thinking you bolted out of the room and was quickly stunned by the haunting sight of...
>Her snuggled up even more in the makeshift nest sleeping as she adorably nibbles at the fluff.
>Dazed and confused reeling in the chaos you simply stand there staring at the sight.
>Taking the chance to study her more, You notice her facial features, The humanoid but clearly rat-based anthro her nose is a light pink and honestly quite cu-Nope still a mutant, But nevertheless you continue on but before you can do so your senses came back and you remembered that you had no clothes on and your meat-spear is basically blocked by nothing from the wandering gaze of a feral mutant you let in your home.
>Now adorned with the refined genitals of the cotton plant you decided to get cooking on breakfast since trying to wake up something that almost had a heart attack at the sight of you isn't the best of ideas.
>Soon the sweet crisp smell of Bacon and Waffles fill the air of your house, Pancucks be dammed.
>The delicious scent soon stirs the mouse (Rat? Ferret? Possum? Skaven? Fuck it lets go with mouse) girl and she awakes with a smile on her face
>That is until she locks eyes with you and freezes looking around frantically wondering where the fuck she is, You think, She's just sitting there now.
>Without saying a thing you laid down the plates of golden goodness on the table near her and opened up like a fucking genius "So do you eat or is that another thing that makes you guys special?" Alpha.
>Continuing to stare at you just makes this sink downhill pretty fast, Semi getting the memo you motioned at the plate and grabbed a strip of bacon before shoveling it down your facehole
>Her muscles seemed to loosen up as she started sniffing the steamy pile and started nibbling on it, Her face lightened up quick as she swallowed half the plate in one gulp and then immediately shredded the waffles into nothing.
>Wow.
>Now sitting there hopefully full she starts watching you, Not giving her a reason to wait you quickly shovel the rest down yourself and take the plates to the sink and what do you know? She follows you.
>Actually surprised that a random feral anthro is being this behaved after almost turning comatose not even a full day ago at the sight of you. You dump the plates in and start scrubbing as she watches in awe at the water emerging out of seemingly nowhere, and thats when it hits you.
>She fucking reeks. Staring at her again you remember that she literally jumped out of a dumpster for a introduction and is covered in dirt and filth with no clothes or signs of hygiene to speak of.
>You quickly consider giving her a bath as she stares at you curiously. Would she panic at it? Would she run off? Would she try to tear out my throat?
>The stench quickly invades your nostrils again and you make a face. Seeing this makes her think you're angry you guess since she slinks down and starts staring meekly.
>Swiftly fixing your face you beckon her to follow "Hey follow of me I've got a surprise for you okay?" Why are you even talking to her? She probably can't understand a word you're saying, Because fuck you thats why.
>Now in the bathroom you beckon her to get inside the shower, She however just looks afraid as she gazes at the chrome shower-head and its obvious lust for blood.
>Maybe....Fuck it. Stepping in and petting the shower-head to show her its harmless you beckon once again and pull it off the mantle.
>Finally after a moment of hesitation she slides in crawling on her fours as she has been.
>You turn on the water. Boom thats what you needed, You just got kicked in the chest as the little creature backpedals away from the totally not water spurting out of the metal demon.
>Not even a full second later she realizes the mistake and....Cuddles up to you? She's nuzzling her head against your chest to get you up and in response you spray her chest with a splash of temperate water. "EEP!" She squeaks, Honestly even cuter then you expec-Stop brain please.
>Not even resisting she just keeps nuzzling against you as the filth and grime is washed away from her fur as you scrub it.
>She won't let go however and your clothes become quickly soaked as the water rinses down. Getting more into it you start scratching her ears and head to dislodge dirt as she leans into you, Oddly peaceful as her squeaks die down and she loosens up.
>Her hair now wet and straightened out is a darkened grey compared to the rest of her coat. Continuing on you move on to her back her neck her everything, Tenderly trying to avoid any....intimate places of course not that you're even sure they care about that.
>"Not so bad now is it huh?" and to your shock she nods! With a smile on your face you turn off the water and carry out of the bath to dry her off.
>Maybe,Just maybe,This can work out?

CHAPTER 3 (Squeak In The Night) "What do the do's do?"
>Now thinking you needed clothing for her and yourself like a genius you move on to your bedroom as she scampers after you swiftly.
>Without thinking as you enter she jumps on your bed and cozied up watching you with a tiny mousey grin as you opened up your closet.
>Picking out your exes old t-shirt (Why does she have a Nirvana shirt she doesn't even listen to anything besides trap artists!?) and one of your sweat shorts you walk back over.
>Without even thinking you hand it over and she starts scarfing down the shirt before coughing up a chunk of it, The panic in your eyes lighting up as you yank the clothes back and peer through the hole in the shirt, Right at her through the smiley face. She has the most adorable "I did that?" face you've ever se- What the fuck am I thinking?
>Getting back over to the closet as she tensely crawls after you, You pick out a tank top and put it on her slowly before slipping on the shorts right after, "There you go! Isn't that comfy?"
>Not even a second later and she's already trying to nibble the bands of it, Losing a tiny amount of patience you snap your fingers which makes her snap to attention.
>Beckoning your arms she jumps onto you and latches on, Walking over to the bed you place her back down and let her settle in on your comforter.
>"So now that this is....all in order. Last chance, Do you speak english?" Stares once again, Being the smart ass you are you try squeaking "Squeak Eep Neek Leet?" Now she's just confused you intellectual linguist.
>"hi." she says right after causing you to be the confused one now. "Wait what did you just say hi!?" a second passes by "hi."
>Ain't that something.
>Seeing the chance you take it with a goofy grin growing on your face "Hi! My names anon! Do you understand me!?" she happily responds back louder "Hi! Hi! Hi! Hi!" she shouts over and over as a fit of little giggles bubble out of her.
>Holy shit this is adorable but you aren't making progress but that quickly changes when you hear her stomach rumble and her smile drop down.
>Looking down she ponders for a second before looking back up at you with the best mousey eyes she can muster."Hungry huh?" without hesitation "Hi!" of course she is you moron you could see her ribs.
>Beckoning again she leaps onto you like a baby would a parent as you walk out back to the kitchen, Popping open the fridge after she gets back down and eyes you, You pick out a bunch of leafy greens you never eat because you're a carnivore and at least a pound of ground beef you're willing to part with.
>Slamming that shit down into a frying pan as you kick on the stove it starts to simmer and stir while you keep her away from the flames.
>Not long after you get her to wait in her temporary nest. You fetch a pair of buns and have a giant sammich ready for her, Holy shit she's salivating.
>Putting it down in front her she doesn't even hesitate the second you let go of the plate and immediately scarfs it down in a manner of seconds, Before falling backwards into her nest holding onto her stomach and moaning "hi...." fuck yeah you fed a mutant rat girl 
>Pulling away from the amusing (honestly impressive that sandwich was huge) spectacle you feel a tug on your leg as she mumbles and nuzzles against you "hi. hiiiiiii."
>Being the peanut-butter smooth guy you are you quickly blurt out "Well if you want me that much you could have just said so." before giving a hearty chuckle at how fucking stupid that sounds, Doesn't last for long as within seconds you're on the couch in the nest with a stuffed rat chick wrapping herself around you before falling asleep.
>Well fuck it at least you didn't have work today and....this is actually pretty soft....and cozy...maybe you'll just...shut your eyes for a bit
>Yeah that sounds pretty good...
>Lights out.

CHAPTER 4 (Squeak In The Night) "Not So Rude Awakening"
>Did you fall asleep?
>The smell of piss coating you as a little rat gal stares at you fearfully answers that as a yes.
>Of course she isn't house trained, Well at least she looks remorseful about it. Quickly you toss off your clothes into the laundry once again and carry the wet feral into the bathroom for a second bath luckily without all the panic and fighting this time.
>Now...how do you potty train a grown woman who can't understand you. "Okay so this is a...toilet, You do your uhhhh business in there." Perfect. She stares at you confused before trying to get a drink from the bowl, With the reflexes of a marine from space you pull her back and try to figure out what to do as she babbles a confused "hi?"
>....Please don't consider this, Seriously don't.....Fuck it, You walk over and peel off your boxers.
>She just stares with another confused bunch of "hi?"s
>You hope to every single autistic sperg god in your brain that this works so that you will never have to do something like this again, Without a invitation. You do your business.
>2 minutes later
>You press the flusher after covering up and stare at the girl and mutter meekly "understand?"
>She just stares at the contraption and with a bright smile screams "HI!" and sits down, Without warning you turn around and try to block out the noise like a civilized gentleman and to your actual surprise you hear the flush!?
>Feeling the nuzzling of a happy mouse mutant thing on your back you realize she actually fucking learned something! Holy shit!
>Walking back to the living room you quickly clean up and dump the nest and stained cushions into the laundry as she watches with awe (Do you even lift little feral one!) With work and repairs done you set out to make her a new spot because, Hey why not have a feral mouse girl live in your house!? Because fuck it thats why and besides you can't deny it. She's pretty comfy to take care of so far despite earlier events.
>You place the new batch of blankets and sheets on the sofa again and consider making a new nest or letting her do so. Looking out you can see that you've been out for awhile as the moon reigns high in the sky.
>For some mysterious reason you still feel tired as you put down the rat on the couch for which she happily says "hi!" before giggling even more. Goddammit stop being cute
>Holy shit you called her cute and your brain didn't chastise you, Please no please please please n-Okay stop thinking like that she's a feral mutant blah blah blah. Thanks brain.
>What do you know while you were begging your brain to reprimand you she quickly arranges a much better nest then the one you made last night and immediately snuggles into it as the warmth surrounds her, "Comfy isn't it huh?" Beaming a smile at her as she passes out.
>You give her hair a few pets and strokes before heading back into your room, Settling deep into bed you think about what just happened in the span of a day.
>You found out you've been cheated on, You found a feral anthro and accidentally adopted her without thinking, You've semi-house trained her and now she seems to have grown on you and vice versa quickly. Honestly, This is the happiest you've been in weeks.
>Who would have thought? Not you definitely as you fall into the arms of sleep.

CHAPTER 5 (Squeak In The Night) "Working Man"
>"Oh yes this is awesome!" You are Avagi The Deep Warden Of The Darks Oceans you've just conquered the kingdom of Damien's Golden Men. You sit on your throne as you feel the rains of your conjured storms splash on your glorious skin letting it pour down your face!
>Actually thats a lot of rain
>Holy shit stop
>Waking up with a start you find a rat girl drooling on your cheek as you're both buried under a mound of fabrics and sheets with her wrapping you all together, How she even did this amazes you.
>Getting one of your arms free you wipe the drool from your face and her mouth, Tenderly as to not wake her, You slowly move out as you retuck her in to bed.
>Heading out you do your morning work routine as you prepare a quick bowl of cereal enjoying the glorious crunch of Captain Crunch™
>Dressing up in your uniform and tools you remember that rat in your bed and fry her up a quick batch of eggs and hash, Walking in she stirs awake and starts to slowly gobble up her meal.
>By the time you get back from preparing your house for your absence you walk back to find her missing along with the plate, Thoughts immediately panicking you run back out to find the plate under the running sink as she trys to figure out how to turn it back off and what scrubbing is. Holy fuck this is amazing.
>She learned from watching you!? Which means....she can learn which means...and your thoughts are disbanded as you hear the crash of a plate being broken in half by a struggling rat girl frozen in her tracks staring at you like death itself.
>Rushing over you grab the two shards and throw them into the trash, Realizing you would need to leave her to go to work...Which means she wouldn't eat and she probably wouldn't bathe and she might run off
>Every bad scenario taking over your mind, Without thinking up you dial up your work-partner Stevey to see if he could fill for you again, No hesitation he agrees desperate for hours as he hangs up quickly.
>"Soooooo, How are you?" running at you before leaping in your arms "HI! HI! HI! HI! HI!" Well maybe we can spend today expanding that vocabulary.
>Realizing you have no idea how to start this off you simply point at yourself and say "Anon?" getting a happy "Hi!" in return before the little mouse tackles you.
>Holy shit is she happy about you. Honestly quite heartwarming if not suffocating.
>However you need to do something productive today and so you head back to work by lightly pushing her off and continuing.
>Pointing at yourself once again "Anon! Hi Anon!" tilting her head and squinting "hi?..." Maybe this. Pointing at her you go "Hi!..."
>Fuck you forgot she doesn't have a name.
>Murmuring to yourself about what to call her she sits there in the meantime trying to comprehend what you've said "Hi...Aw-nawn? Hi Awnawn!"
>Well, That was quick. I mean she got the pronunciation wrong but nevertheless. Quickly beaming with amazement you laugh in joy and go "Yes! Im Anon!" met with a equally happy "Hi Awnawn! Hi Awnawn! Hi Awnawn!"
>Words cannot describe how you feel teaching the offspring of genetic modification and experimentation the english language as she beams at you giggling with pride and her bubbly squeaks.
>Still that leaves the name..."Hmmmm how bout I call youuuuu, Amily? Hi Amily?" nothing but a tilted rat face and a look of confusion.
>Fine, Being the super original bastard you are you simply glance at her fur and spurt out "Hi Grey?" without even hesitation "Hi Gweya!"
>Well thats enough of a vocabulary lesson (This shit is hard man.) and hey you gave her a name! Latching onto your back now you should probably just try to teach her how to do something simple, Like opening the fridge (Took her 5 seconds to figure it out,Amazing!) Taking a shower (She wasn't even scared this time!) and drying herself then putting on clothes. Last one involved a lot of eaten shirts but hey she can wear those scraps.
>With most of the day to burn since you already gave up your hours you simply feed her lunch and smile as she gives a little squeak of approval with the halting of her stomach grumbles.
>She still crawls around after you and you decide to just pick her up to make it easier for herself.
>Sitting down you wonder how she would react to a movie... Oh well better now then never.
>Flicking through Blockbuster Online™ you manage to find a new series about a deaf vigilante who wants to become a judge.
>She stares in amazement instead of fear at the pictures and sounds coming from the seemingly magical box as her grip tightens around you, The story is absolutely going over her head but the colorful scenes and effects quickly draw her attention back.
>The day quickly passes as you lay on the couch petting her with your hand brushing against her straight ragged hair and down her smooth back and tail. Both of you only getting up to use the bathroom or to make her a snack.
>By the end of it all you've finished the season and have a passed out girl on your lap saying "hi awnawn..." in her sleep.
>Screw it might as well join her and so your eyes close and slumber overtakes you.

>CHAPTER 6 (Squeak In The Night) "Holding the fort"
>Another day another dollar as they say.
>You had finally run out of "Hey take my shift buddy"s that your office can handle and so you were heading out.
>Of course you were fucking panicking about leaving Grey by herself after only 2 days of what you guess you can call house training.
>Being extra prepared however you've prepared a heaping bowl of meat, bread and cheeses. Accompanied by a water drum because you're classy like that.
>You had gotten her to understand how fridges, clothes and showers work. Thank you pro-idiot designs.
>She had been rubbing herself all over you today as you were getting everything working, By the time you were walking out the door she was pinning down your leg. It was futile of course due to the fact she probably weighs less then 100lbs.
>"I promise it will be okay Grey, I double promise." Your voice as cheery as you can make it. You walk her back over to the couch and place her in her nest turning on the TV you set Ratatouille on a loop for her. Is that racist? Fuck if you know.
>After getting drawn over to the screen you give her a quick head pat and walk off to work as a [REDACTED].
>Dear god you hope this days runs by fast. Immediately dodging every single drop of co-worker faggotry thrown your way you settle down in your office and get to it.
>.....
>.....
>.....
>.....
>.....
>"Fuck off and suck my cock jerry!" You quickly bark as your manager tries to [REDACTED] while you were [REDACTED] there were only 2 children left after [REDACTED] as you were heading off work.
>Driving down the freeway all you can think about is taking care of Grey and making sure she's okay. In the span of basically 2 days you've taken in and semi-trained a feral rat girl. You should get your own show or something
>Images of you brushing her fur clean or making her dinner as she giggles while cheering out "Hi ANAWN!" in her cute voice stirs your heart.
>Quickly these are overtaken by thoughts of the house being on fire and or a SWAT team located outside.
>The paranoia gets to you as you find yourself gunning it down the streets. Almost all excitement to get home gone as its replaced by need.
>Pulling up into the driveway and walking up to the door you prepare yourself for whatever may have happened.
>Listening in, you hear nothing, not even Ratatouille. Panic sets in as you basically crush the door knob and throw it open.
>Without even a second to comprehend how everything is fine as you gaze at the unplugged TV, half eaten platter and intact house, You're tackled by a high-pitched ball of squeaking fluff.
>"HI! HI! HI! HI ANAWN!" She's just yipping up a storm as she repeats herself again and again licking your cheek and nuzzling into your neck with a beaming smile.
>Well now this shit day just got better as you easily pick her up and carry on back inside.
>Closing the door, you try to place her on the couch but she just pounces back up onto you like a talking backpack. After a few more failed attempts you simply let it happen as she wraps herself tightly around your torso. Honestly being quite a stress relief instead of being infuriating somehow.
>Doesn't last long as you head into your room and strip off your shirt requiring her to dismount. So far you've gotten used to the idea of her being a pet and have no qualms against changing in front of her...Despite her stares.
>Staring back once dressed in a signature tuxedo print tank-top because you're classy guy, you notice the state of the clothes you put on her this morning. A oversized hoodie, looking more like a cloak when she tucks her arms into the sleeves and what you're hoping is a clean pair of your exe's boy-shorts.
>Realizing that you're worrying over such a small thing brings you back into the reality of caring for a anthropomorphic mouse as you pet her head with a chittering approval.
>Carrying on the new routine. You recook whats left of the food platter for her as she gobbles it down greedily while you have a simple double patty bacon cheeseburger and large fries from McDonalds since you just came face to face with the chaos of the fridge that was left open for a roving rat to explore.
>Adding to the mental checklist for tomorrow to go grocery shopping you consider whether or not you should visit a anthro pet shop and whether or not you consider her a pet or a really stupid room-mate. Guess you'll decide tomorrow
>Cleaning her up and brushing both her hair and teeth leaves her looking fresh as you do the same for yourself. Peering at you from her makeshift nest she raises her arms in a huglike fashion "Anawn! Hi!" squeaks out of her with joy, Maybe its because she actually recognizes you and likes you? Maybe its because you kept saying "Hi!" and "My names Anon!" again and again to her. Either way you still find it adorable as you pick her back up although with some difficulty as she had filled out recently.
>The amount you've been feeding her has been a absolute fuck-ton and she's actually starting to grow out again, Her ribs are a lot visible and she seems to now be 4'11 and hell as you feel it (accidentally?) whip your ass even her tail has become thicker
>Seeing as she won't let go after you've finished your observation, you simply decide fuck it since it always happens anyways to just bring her to bed with you.
>Snuggling into the covers she acts like a second comforter as you act like a bed for her. Petting her softly as you feel all of the stress from today melt away even faster then before. You feel something wet on your cheek as you notice her little pink tongue tenderly licking you before she completely falls asleep "hi...anawn...hi gweya" she mutters, without hesitation "Hi Grey" and you plant a kiss on the top of her head, before closing your eyes. You know what? This will work out. I promise.

CHAPTER 7 (Squeak In The Night) "Time Flies"
>So it did. A couple of months have passed now, with you at work having set up her meals and clothes for the day and eventually not needing to.
>Over the past 5 months life just got easier, your ex had gotten cheaten on by her wolf and was trying to text you back, when you had gotten back to the work the next day and started working on that [REDACTED] Jerry assigned you, you ended up getting a raise for performance, and most importantly. Grey learned how to speak
>"Hi Anawn!" Well mostly. She had started walking on two legs for the past month or so now as she hugs you face to chest. Now standing at a solid 5'1 and definitely having filled out she looked more like a proper person then a gutter mutant as she drags you to the couch nest and bringing you a can of Dr.Pepper. "Ere yah go Anawn!" She bubbles with glee, her voice still squeaky and adorable even as her vocabulary expands.
>Just taking the time to relax in the joy of everything as she crawls underneath your arm as you drink, you gaze at her closely just remembering how she was when you first met her trying to dive into a trash pile to hide from you while in her birthday suit and emaciated. Now she's filled out and grown, Clothed in your exe's clothes you're thankful as her scent overlaps the old one.
>She had definitely improved not just appearances wise as she had also learned how to open doors and use the TV remote and most importantly. She learned how to dress and bathe herself albeit you still needed to help with the brushing of her fur applying of shampoo which is and will be another story for another day, and with that in mind you quietly reminisce about the past months while cuddling with your mouse girl. 
>Of course not all good things last as your phone rings and a familiar bitch's face appears on the screen, of course not expecting anything good, you disentangle yourself from grey and motion for her to stay "I need to take this okay? with pride in her voice "Okai Anawn!" Good girl.
>Now in the privacy of your room you answer it and are immediately greeted by the ree's of a she-demon as she goes on about how great of a girlfriend she was and how you should be begging for her to come back to you. Sick of the shit you simply let loose with the most devastating weapon you have. Smug Pseudo Witty Sarcastic Indifference (Aka you're just winging it because holy shit she is loud) "Okay that's cool and all but you're already taken if I remember and Im not really sure if I would be worthy of the attention of such a beautiful queen like yourself." You can hear her scream about you being a cheeky prick over the phone as you simply press the end call button and toss it onto the bed.
>Not even a few seconds later and you do the same with yourself. Laying there you wonder where and why that went wrong. Were you not good enough? Were you doing something wrong? Was she just a slut? You honestly can't tell and start to just curl up in bed as your asshole of a mine starts throwing happy memories of your time together at you.
>Not long after and the annoyance and hate for her is quickly overshadowed by bitter sweet times and you feel tears start to form.
>Soon you're bawling in bed not noticing the door creak as a worried anthro stares at you, neither do you feel the soft arms of hers start to entangle you, neither do you feel the soft warmth of her breath as her head presses into your neck.
>But you do hear this, and by god do you feel it. "I. lub. chu. anawn." despite how terribly mispronounced and horribly structured it was...for fucks sake do you actually feel it.
>Finally turning around slowly you return the favor of wrapping your arms around her, relaxing in the coziness of each other.
>Soon the tears stop flowing as you feel her licking up the stains on your face with a smile on hers. You stare back at her with your own while you plant a kiss on her own cheek. "Thanks Grey." Nothing comes out of her mouth as the nuzzles double.
>You lie like this for who knows how long. Minutes? Days? Months? you wish it was months.
>A beep on your phone shines as you read the message "We're coming over tomorrow for my shit douchebag!"
>Well at least you have Grey to keep you company while waiting, and so you wait.
>Waiting takes awhile though. As Grey turns into the perfect stress reliever her fur parting against your roaming fingers petting through her ears.
>All your worries fade away as you melt into bed with the warm mouse. You don't even notice as your shirt is taken off and your pants are stripped away leaving you in the buff. Neither do you notice the blanket pulled up around you both as she does the same, leaning forward and leaving a quick lick of a kiss on your cheek before closing her eyes and snoring peacefully.
>Not long after, you follow. Dreams of a life without worry overtaking thought.

CHAPTER 8 (Squeak In The Night) "Green"
>Stirring awake with the sound of your phone being called you disentangle yourself from the fuzzy cuddle and pick it up to hear that your ex is in fact nearly outside and coming to pick her stuff up. You rise and get dressed before tucking back in Grey and giving her soft head another gentle brush.
>Coffee, check. Cheetos, check. Chicken, check. A balanced breakfast for a balanced life as you prepare your first and best line of defense against outsiders trying to invade your domain.
>Locking the door before sitting down on the sofa and digging into your meal. Before you could take the first bite you already hear the first bang as it makes you drop your smug mug. In the thickest stoner accent you have ever heard "Open up bro! Like. My babes gotta get her stuff man like like fucking totally man! Like. Totally." Of course she had brought help.
>Another bang and some more like totallies reach your ears before you can monologue. It had to be a this guy, standing up and stretching wide you march at full height and unlock the door as it gets pushed in.
>Or is attempted to be pushed in as you simply push back and keep it shut with a quick "wait you impatient fucking mutt!"
>Throwing it open you're now face to top of head with a white arctic wolf anthro wearing the baggiest jeans you have ever seen and smelling like a nightclub. "like fucking finally man" he mutters as he tries to shove his way past you. Yanking his shirt back you put him back outside as your ex walks up the driveway and chips in like a genius.
>"Lay your hands off him you violent fucking psycho!" before stepping past him and shoving you aside to grab her stuff, ranting about how shitty your place looks and how could she have ever dated you while her furry boy-toy tries to stare you down from below.
>He's trying to do some sort of flash with his teeth but instead just comes off as a weirdly smug smirk before laying it on you. "So like...whats up man." less question more statement.
>Channeling the green fuck of a grandfather you had, you growl out a "Wot?" with a low boom.
>The smirk disappears as he just mumbles something and goes "like I totally get it man, you're like totally bummed about being second place but man you just gotta get it that some people are better then yo-" Cut off by the shriek of a harpy you see running out of the room dropping her stuff all over the place and grabbing onto the shaggy wolf next to you.
>"Its some fucking mutant thing it was all fast and loud and SQUEEEEEEE!" She can barely continue as Grey stumbles out of the room dazed and confused in the nude "Anawn?" she mumbles with a yawn as the wolf starts laughing.
>"Ahhhh man like I see whats going on here man you're like totally fucking her aren't you! Don't feel like bad about it man its totally cool I get it! Hey sweet-stuff hows it like going?" with that smug fucking grin as you walk over to grey and hush her back into the room.
>"Like don't feel bad man that you had to resort to street pussy! Its just like how this works out sometimes. Ain't that right babe?" as he plants his paw deep into your exe's ass whole she agrees "Look I know you're desperate after losing me but come on!" before you can even start to explain what they saw he's already opening his mouth again "Oh god I like totally can start smelling her on you! No wonder I like got sick on my way i-" and thats the last he squeezes out as autistic tard rage overtakes you.
>You would prefer to call it a overwhelming flood of angry emotions and repressed annoyance but its honestly just autistic rage as he doubles over out the door with a paw comforting his probably broken jaw. The harpy is already cooing and holding him while screaming at you about cops and lawsuits before you mumble a honestly tired "fuck off" and lock the door again.
>Cleaning up the piles of discarded clothes on the floor and grooming the dirt out of the carpet you curse under your breath as the smell of a perpetually stoned wolf and overused whore floods your nostrils, reminding you however of the fact he said he can smell Grey on you leading to a prompt investigation that in fact proves that you can and quickly thank the gods above that you can as she blocks out the smell of stinky jays and off brand Victoria Secret perfume.
>Soon though theres no need to use it as a mask as you finish up cleaning and Grey walks over now slightly dressed with a small question her lips "Watz woz dat Anawn?" before settling into the couch nest and making room for you.
>Staying silent and laying next to her she actually seems worried before curling up next to you and asking again, a bit meeker this time "watz woz dat anawn...?" while staring at you with her rosy eyes.
>You can't even fathom avoiding that look as you spill the beans to her. All about what a relationship is and who that girl was while giving details about how she was the only thing you really cared about and in the end you weren't even a dot on her radar as she would lie through her teeth about places she would go and people she would be with. By the end of it you can barely hold back the beginnings of tears as Grey simply starts to lick them away.
>Soon you're being pushed down by her as she continues, by the time she's done she's on top of you just nuzzling into your neck to try and calm you as it did so many times before. Barely choking it back you let it seep out "I...I loved her...fuck I loved her so m-much..." Pathetic really, you expect to hear sentences full of disgust the likes of "what a pussy" or "get over it already" but this is Grey here.
>So you get the only thing you need.
>Her arms wrap tighter on you along with her tail coiling on your leg, her nuzzling being pressed deep into your chest, her scent intoxicating as your fingers start to pet her. You get it, a "I luuv you anawn" with a smirk starting on her face while she stares at you.
>Planting a soft kiss on her cute little head. "I love you too Grey" as you fall into the rhythm of petting and snuggling with the tv being turned on in the background and time flying by.
>Soon all the stress is gone and all thats left is coziness in your little fuzzy world. Closing your eyes and enjoying the peace of a rat-girls breathing and Die-Hard playing across the room.

Chapter 9 (Squeak In The Night) The more you know.
>"Pickle. P. Pi. Pick. Pickle" you patiently mutter to your companion as she tries to follow. "Puh. Pih. Pikk. Pikkle!" The adorable little rat-girl beaming in a smile as you pat her head as a reward for her progress. 
>"You're getting better! Good job!" congratulating her she's quick to respond with a mini tackle and a explosion of "Yay!" and "Grey can squeak good! as you can tell she's been having trouble with her P's, C's and her grammar but you couldn't fault her for it, you're the only teacher she's got after all.
>It had been a couple months now. You had never heard a word from those as your ex put it. "Experts In Gorilla Warfare" after the incident with her trying to get her stuff back and honestly you could care less.
>Things have been going quite well. You had finally saved enough to pursue your dreams in writing leaving the corporate scene and becoming your own boss. Grey had finally learned how to speak in phrases and semi-structured sentences thanks to your lessons and you had even gotten her registered as a "Sentient Dependent" with a official legal name and everything!
>Most of your days were spent idly cuddling with her after some English lessons before going into your "office" (its just your bedroom you cheap fuck) and cranking out some new scripts for the project you've been freelancing for.
>Everything was truly coming together perfectly.
>Until it wasn't. As of last month apparently your ex had broken up with the hairiest junkie you have ever seen and was officially in desperate whore mode.
>She wouldn't stop messaging you on everything she could. During the first couple of months you did just fine and as of late you're now officially paranoid as her begging for you to come back was quickly replaced with a threat of being sued.
>It turns out she had spun a story that Grey had bitten her out of nowhere and that she was "traumatized and defiled" by the incident.
>Within seconds you already knew it was bullshit and told her so with a simple "Bullshit" and blocked her. It didn't do you any good however when you were issued a court date and that the case is being taken completely seriously.
>It turns out she had faked a injury and was trying to get those sweet reparations in the form of a fuck ton of cash and....The putting down of the rogue animal...
>Swifter then you ever fucking swift before, you had jumped on the computer and searched up whether or not sentient dependents were still considered pets. To your eternal shock it turns out they were which means that you could officially lose Grey, and she would lose you...
>Which leads back to why you were so dead set on teaching Grey how to speak properly as its one of the requirements for full sentience and citizenship. She had been making great progress and were honestly hopeful when each time she said your name it shifted more and more from "Anawn!" to "Anoun!" and finally to "Anon!" especially when she said "I love you!" beforehand.
>As you sat on the couch feeding her a cheese sandwich and turning up the TV blaring Shrek as you took a sip of your Dr.Pepper, you nudged her and began to recite the various lines with her. "Onions have layers." met right after with a giggle and "Onions have layers" spoken in the cute bubbly squeak of a voice she had developed over the months.
>With the power of head-pats and treats you were soon engaging in maximum comfy as she unconsciously wrapped her tail around you and mimicked the lines without your help clutching onto your chest. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMP!" booms the TV as she tries to follow "WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMPH!
>Thankfully she ran out of energy after the 3rd replay of the kids movie and snuggled into your neck before dozing off.
>Soon you were going to start teaching her basic math and science, maybe even try to get her into art? One thing at a time of course, but you were definitely planning it out as you whispered "Goodnight Grey. Love you" and closed your eyes only to feel a wetness on your lips.
>Squinting your eyes you quickly make out a drowsy Grey softly licking them. Her hands rubbing against your chest and her lower body softly moving against your groin. You didn't say anything as her tired mutters escape her mouth "L-love you...anon...." and with that she had fallen back asleep and not wanting to leave her alone. You quickly followed her into dreamland.

Chapter 10 (Squeak In The Night) "Teacher Student Relationships"
>Wasn't long before you woke up from being nearly suffocated by her mane. Her hair a unstyled and messy but fragrant mess. It wasn't a bad alarm clock at all but man is it dangerous. Disregarding it however as you realize that your panicked squirming had woken her up with a startled yawn and some half mumbled half screamed greetings from her drowsy brain.
>Picking her up with some gentle care you lazily set her back down on the couch and switch the looping giant green ogre on the TV with "The Dark Knight Rises" why you would pick such a movie for Grey is currently unknown and under study. It doesn't matter either way as Grey sleepily tunes into the screen as you pop on over and get to work in the kitchen.
>Slapping some toast into a egg-soaked pan and whipping up some syrup glazed french toast, you finish up and carry the plates of deliciousness to the squirming rat-girl on your cou- Wait squirming?
>Yeah she's definitely squirming quite a bit under her little nest covers. "Are you okay Grey?" you worryingly ask. "Mhhmmm squeeeeee... A-a-a-a-anon..." She quickly squeaks back out in response as she sinks deeper into the plushness of the bundle.
>Lowering the volume of the TV and setting down the plates on the table you kneel down and place your backhand on her forehead wherein she immediately tenses up on contact. Worried as you feel the heat build-up around your hand "Hey... Do you feel sick Grey?" It wouldn't be the first time, she had gotten a fever about 2 months back and surprisingly handled it pretty well but now here she was looking like she was having trouble staying conscious.
>No words come out as she starts to whine and groan in her spot as her eyes finally open and they lock onto you. "A-..anon..." She breathlessly moans before taking out one arm and trying to grasp onto your shirt. Leaning forward you simply get close and hold her. "Don't worry I'll get you some medicine okay?" You didn't get to hear the answer before she started burying her nose deep in your neck.
>Sniffs and moans soon filled the air as a familiar scent began to catch your attention. No way...she isn't...Is she? Not waiting to find out you slide your hand underneath the blanket and lift it off. There she was her basketball shorts drooped along her knees as her digits kept grazing across her puffy lips.
>Her supple chest was rising and falling as her breaths seemed to quicken. Her black hoodie doing nothing to hide it. The tongue you had become so intimate with last night was soon grazing against your neck and trying to glide up towards your mouth. The rapid movements intensifying as it started to glaze your lips in its warm presence.
>Every single reason for you to be appalled by the idea was quickly thrown out by the memories of the past 9 months. How she would great you ever morning with "I love you Anon!" and try to snuggle you no matter how mad or scary you seemed. How she would do her best to behave while you were gone. How she would try to learn what you were teaching her no matter how hard it seemed.
>How no matter what you say. No matter what you do. No matter what happens. You loved her and she loved you.
>She can barely speak but all you can hear is her urging you on. Then you hear it, the licks had stopped and her tongue hovered within her mouth. "Please Anon..." Huh. She got her P right.
>Without further urging you lean forward into it. Her tongue finally intertwining with yours as her fingers began to fully plunge into her depths, juices begin to pool around her hand and on the couch as you two swap spit.
>Her thin lips constantly caress yours as her tongue is quickly wrapped up by yours and pinned. Her other hand moving up and dragging you closer by the collar, you quickly follow suit and wrap your arm around her waist before having your other hand move down and undo her hoodie's zipper. Before long its completely off and she's sitting upright with you next her, still connected by the tongue.
>Her wetness apparent as it shimmers around her thighs and fingers. You can barely resist as your hand glides down and begins to rub against her muff, causing her to squeak and groan into your mouth. Your bulge apparent as it starts to poke her side.
>Her clawed hands soon clamber onto your shoulders as you speed up. Her sharp digits tearing apart your shirt and clinging onto your now nude back. Not long after you two finally disconnect and pull back. She stares at you with a dazed gaze. Her thick rat thighs grinding against each other as her moisture stains the couch.
>Before she can even register whats happening. You, now naked move closer and slowly pin her down forward. Your eyes locked together as you feel the tip of your rigid dick bump against her soaking, tight entrance. She audibly winces and shivers from the contact and pulls you in closer.
>Her rat pussy feeling so warm while pressed against your length you surely succumb to the effects she has on you. Your mind swirling with pheromones and hormones as her tongue continues to lap at yours.
>Before you even know it. Her legs are splayed wide and her ass is encaged in your grasp. She's bared all for you to see and so are you to her. Memories of when you first met her and the early days begin to flood your mind. How dirty and ragged she was. How thin and malnourished.
>Now here she was after months in your care. Her fur is a clean light grey colour, all the black dirt and grime erased from her pelt completely. Her mane, black as ebony and cascading down to her shoulders in a straight frizzy mop. Her eyes, teeming red and bright as ever.
>Your gaze slides downwards and your eyes start to process your view. How trim and slender she is. From a malnourished skeleton to a lithe body. How her breasts have filled out and became so supple as your hand gropes it and begins to slide her nipple between your fingers. How her midriff has gone from a empty space to a muscular slimness.
>"Anon...I love you..." is softly squeaked out. Snapping out of your trance your arms transfer again as your body presses against hers. Her claws wrapped around your neck and digging into your back as your arms wrap around her waist and begin to urge you forward inside of her.
>The tight resistance driving you onward as she begins to squirm and moan under you. Her claws digging in deeper and drawing blood as you finally press into her. "ANOOOOOOOOOOOOON!!!" is all she screams out along with her groans of pleasure and pain. You grunt and push in deeper as she clamps down harder. Your lips interlocking again as your tongues intertwine out of pure passion.
>Here she was. The love of your life. Feral Rat-Girl to Caring Companion, and you had just taken her virginity. It wasn't long before the pace began to normalize. She would hump back as her grasp loosened as you sped up against it. Your cock spreading her apart as she squealed and squeaked in a frenzy.
>Hours later in what felt like days you were finally finished. She had finally started screaming as her orgasm hit. Her convulsions gripping and tugging on your tool as you erupted as deep as you inside her. Lifting her legs up and groping her ass you slammed it down to the hilt. A pinkish white substance overflowing from her cunt as you brought her back down and pulled out.
>Exhausted and hungry you began to munch on the french toast as you fed her some. Both of you wrapped together in the couch nest. Your softening erection rubbing against her leaking entrance. Tender pets and strokes adorning her as she mewled and whined in comfort. Feeling safe in your arms. "love you....love you.... love you...." is all that you heard before the drowsiness hit you as well, mumbling out "I will always love you Grey..." and letting it overtake you.