SOUNDTRACK TO A VACANT LIFE
For Wetchop https://twitter.com/wetchop

>Pulling out the chair, you took a seat at the table, alone. You were here early.
>You were here for a date, and didn't want to take any chances. In the past you'd had a bit of bad luck with dating, so you had taken some precautions to make tonight go as smooth as possible.
>You'd had your feathers professionally preened at the salon, as well as having the fur on your lower body trimmed and washed with a special shampoo that made it really shine. You even had your beak buffed! Too bad most of the work wasn't visible under your dress. That visit was pretty painful on your bank account! It's bullshit that they charge extra for griffins, claiming your species requires "extra work."
>No matter, the trip had made you confident enough that you weren't already clacking your beak. You did that sometimes when you were nervous, and people always seemed to think it was weird...
>As the waiter approached, you looked at him, he was smiling as he placed down a couple menus, one of them at the empty seat in front of you.
>"Your second will be here soon, ma'am?"
>You spoke, assuring him he should be here in the next ten minutes.
>He nodded with a smile, before starting again. "May I offer you something to drink while you wait, then? We have a very comprehensive wine list, many of them I'm sure you'd enjoy."
>Shaking your head, you declined. When it came to alcohol, you didn't always have the very best reaction... Best to leave it alone on an occasion such as this, you thought. At least for now.
>Still smiling, the waiter answered. "Very well, ma'am. I'll return when your second is here, or if you need anything else."
>You thanked him, leaning back in your chair slightly and sighing as you tapped a clawed finger against the table. You hoped tonight went well...

>Soon enough, after waiting another 15 or so minutes, your date finally arrived, giving you a small smile as he sat down across from you.
>He was a human, around the same age as you, and pretty sharply dressed for the occasion. You couldn't really smile back seeing as how you had a giant beak instead of a muzzle, so you just gave him a friendly wave.
>"Hey there, sorry if I kept you waiting! I swear I hit every red light on the way here. Nice dress!"
>You sat up in your chair, brushing a couple crumbs off your dress as he got situated. You may have enjoyed a couple dinner rolls while you were waiting...
>"Oh, no! It's no problem. I got here a little early anyways, haha. I was so worried about being late, I actually got here before I was supposed to." You responded, maybe sounding a little more excited than you intended.
>"Well, we're both here now, so let's enjoy ourselves." He said, smiling warmly at you. That look was already making your heart ache a little. It had been a while...
>Before you could say anything else, your waiter made a quick return. "Ah, you're both here now. Very good." He turned to your date, gesturing to the menu. "Can I start you off with a drink, sir? We have a very expansive drinks menu."
>Your date shook his head, declining. "No, I'll stick with water for now, thanks."
>The waiter nodded, that grin all waiters seemed to have still glued to his face. "Very well. Just let me know if either of you two change your mind. I'll give you both some time to view the menu. If you need anything, just ask me or flag someone down."
>With that, he quickly left, off to serve other tables.
>Your date turned back to you, gesturing to the menu. "Do you know what you're going to order? Because I've never been here before."
>You nodded. You really only ever got the same thing here whenever you went. Being a griffin, you had an... Odd diet. You couldn't really chew with a beak, especially not with one as large as a toucan's, but you still had a pretty good taste for meat thanks to your panther half.
>To compromise, you always ordered a plate of small cubed pieces of meat, vegetables, and fruit from here. It was a little expensive, but it was your favorite by far. You just hoped your date didn't think it was weird for you to pick up the pieces with your beak. The last date you were on, the guy actually laughed...
>You told him what you were getting, and he just shrugged. "I think I'll get the carbonara instead."
>Fair enough!

>As the two of you made small talk, your waiter seemingly came out of nowhere, standing at attention with his arms behind his back. "Have the two of you decided yet? Or do you need more time? I can also make some suggestions, if you wish."
>Your date spoke up. "No, I think we both know what we want. I'd like to order the... Carbonara. And a glass of pinot grigio, please."
>"Excellent choice, Sir. That's a personal favorite of mine. And you, ma'am?"
>You pointed to the menu, asking for the "Cubed Plate". A pretentious name and the price wasn't great, but at least it tasted good.
>"Of course. Would you like something to drink as well? Maybe share a glass of white wine with your date?"
>You declined again. You didn't want to mess this up by getting a little tipsy.
>The waiter nodded, collecting your menus.
>"I'll be right back with your wine, sir." He said before leaving.
>You turned back to face your date, him turning back to face you.
>"So, how are you? It's good to finally see you in person!" He said, resting an arm on the table.
>The two of you had talked online before, on a dating app, but this was the first time you'd actually met face to face.
>You stammered for a second, before properly answering. You were more than a little nervous... It'd been a while since you'd gone out with someone. You said that you were doing pretty good, that it was very nice to finally meet him in person.
>"It's good to finally see you too! We talk so much online, it's nice to finally actually talk to you and hear your voice."
>Oh God, you were gonna do something embarrassing and ruin things any moment, you just knew it!
>You responded, saying that it sure was. Texting each other is nice, but you couldn't replace genuine interactions together.
>Before you could say anything else too cliche or awkward, the waiter returned, glass of wine in tow.
>"Here you are, sir. Your food should should be ready soon, it won't be a very long wait."
>You stopped him, speaking up. "Could I have a glass of wine? Something red, please. In a tall glass."
>"A... Tall glass?" He said, seemingly confused.
>You pointed to your beak, and he nodded with a sudden understanding.
>"Yes, of course. I'll be right back with it, ma'am."
>It was probably a bad idea, but you needed something to help with your nerves. You just prayed you wouldn't screw this night up somehow.

>Contrary to what you thought would happen, the conversation with your human date was going pretty well!
>From your previous conversations online, you already knew that you both had some similar interests, but the two of you were really hitting it off.
>You both really loved the outdoors, and were currently bonding over stories of funny things you've seen while out hiking.
>He had just finished telling you a pretty good story about something he saw last year, and you couldn't help letting out a few chuckles. He was a pretty great guy from what you could see so far!
>Over all, you'd say the night was going pretty great. He didn't even laugh when you had to dip your beak a quarter of the way into your wine glass to take a sip!
>The white cloth napkin was probably ruined at this point, stained a bright red from having to use it to wipe off your beak every time you took a sip. Oh well.
>Just as you were going to tell him about the last time you went on a hike, you were interrupted by your waiter, carrying two large plates.
>"Here you are! The... Carbonara, and the Cubed Plate."
>He set your dates food down first, warning him that the plate was hot. Then he set yours down, a large, fancy-looking square plate with several small piles of different cooked meats, fruits, cheeses, and vegetables. All of them cut into seemingly perfect squares.
>It was like a charcuterie board, except somehow twice as pretentious. Whatever, you at least knew it tasted good.
>Your waiter asked again if there was anything you two needed, but you both shook your heads. He left with a nod, leaving you both to each others company.
>"Wow, your food looks pretty interesting. It's like a charcuterie board almost."
>You nodded, saying that's pretty much exactly what it was. You offered him a bite, but he declined.
>"No, I think I'll work on this pasta first. I didn't think I'd get such a good portion."
>You looked down to your food, a knot suddenly forming in your throat.
>Ok, here we go...
>Using a couple clawed fingers, you picked up the special tiny little fork they gave you to spear the food onto.
>Stabbing a piece of what seemed to be steak, you raised it to your beak, biting down on the meat and sliding it off the fork.
>Flicking your head back, you let the cube tumble down your beak, swallowing it.
>You looked back down, nervous that your date might laugh. Sometimes people stared when you ate in public... It wasn't your fault you had such a large beak!
>Slowly raising your eyes to your date, you're filled with surprise. He isn't staring. He isn't laughing. He isn't even trying to not smile!
>He simply looks at you and asks how your food is!
>You're in heaven.

>The two of you eat your meals, both of you really enjoying it. You stop every couple minutes to continue your conversations, overall having a very good meal.
>Other than you needing to ask for a new napkin after it becomes soaking wet from you constantly needing to wipe water and wine off your beak every time you want a drink, the night has been pretty much embarrassment free! He hasn't even laughed at you once!
>If you had lips, you think you'd be smiling ear to ear by now. Your date certainly is.
>Too bad you've almost both finished your meals. You really don't want this moment to end... You actually feel happy right now. It's a feeling you don't have very often.
>He set down his fork, his pasta all gone, all that was left was a few smears of sauce and a couple loose noodles.
>Making direct eye contact with you, he smiled, your heart aching once more. "That was a very nice meal." He said. "Thanks for telling me about this place. Maybe we'll have to come again some time."
>Already, he's thinking about spending more time with you. Oh God. Yes. It's been so long since you've met someone who actually liked you this much...
>You also finished your food, setting down the small fork and sighing. It was a good meal, but you know you'll cringe when you see the bill. 
>Like clockwork, your waiter approaches, that same artificial smile on his face. "You both enjoyed your meals? Can I interest either of you in dessert?"
>Both of you declined, the two of you being too full to even think about eating more.
>"Well, then I must ask about the bill. Together, or separate?"
>You try to say "Separate", but you're quickly interrupted by your date. "Together, please."
>You look at your date, but he doesn't make eye contact. Is he really going to...?
>The waiter nods, quickly stepping away.
>Your date turns to face you, shrugging. "Don't worry, I've got this one." He smiles.
>Before you can formulate a good response your waiter returns, check in tow. "Here you are. I hope we see the two of you again here soon, and I hope even more you have a good evening!"
>He sets the check down in the middle of the table, your date quickly taking it before you can even look at it. Sliding his card into the check holder, he hands it back to the waiter.
>As the waiter nods and steps away, you try to tell your date you wanted to split the bill. Or at least let you see how much it was.
>"Oh, I wouldn't make you pay the bill. Don't worry about the price, it's nothing. Really, don't think about it."
>You make that distinct rattling noise toucans make, not really even realizing it.
>He really was a keeper.

>Soon enough, the waiter returns with the final receipt, once again thanking the two of you for your patronage.
>Your date looks to you again, speaking. "So, were you just going to head home? Did you want to do anything else, go for a walk, get ice cream maybe?"
>Oh! Well... You tell him you were just planning on heading home. You didn't really make plans past dinner. Plus you don't really eat ice cream. With the beak and all.
>He smiles warmly at you, saying it wasn't too late to figure out something to do.
>You gulp, that all too elusive warm feeling in your chest coming through once again. Were you in love? Maybe. You didn't really know just yet.
>"Come on, let's go and get out of here." He says.
>You both get up, going to leave the restaurant. As you pass by the waiter, he once again bids you goodbye.
>As you step out of the building, the cool evening air washes over you. It was already dark out, you both having spent a couple hours in there.
>The two of you turn to walk down the sidewalk, side by side.
>Oh, fuck it.
>Acting on impulse, you slowly reach over and grab his hand, holding it with your scaled, avian hand.
>After he flinches for a second, he relaxes. Then it happens.
>He holds your hand back. Even interlacing the fingers. You think you might be about to have a heart attack.
>You let out a deep sigh, so happy you could die and not even care.
>It really was a good night.

    Mir sat back in her computer chair, sighing. The griffin hit "Save Document", then closed the story she had just typed out, filing it away next to the other two dozen fantasies she had written about having a night out with a good date. Pausing her spotify playlist, she took off her headphones. Looking at the clock, it apparently was already 2:00 AM. Where did the time go? The weekend was already over. Not that she did anything with it other than sit in her room. Another couple days wasted. Hitting the power button, shutting off her small computer, the griffin stood up. The rain was really hammering on the window tonight, it was storming pretty hard. Mir shuffled over to bed, peeling off her clothes. She didn't stop to put on any nightwear. If she had to get up and shower before work in four hours anyways, why even bother?
    Flopping onto the mattress, Mir couldn't help but feel a pang of sadness. Maybe if she was lucky, she'd get a bit of sleep. Maybe if she was -really- lucky, she'd even dream about the story she just wrote. Mir doubted it though. Those kind of things didn't really happen to her. She rolled over, scratching herself with one hand. With the other, she grabbed her pillow, bringing it close to her chest. Mir hugged it tight, curling up slightly, resting her head on the fabric, gently rubbing her beak against it. She'd get a boyfriend soon, she was sure of it. She just had to keep waiting for the right one. She barely noticed as the tears started to well up in her eyes, all too accustomed to them by now. Reaching over with one hand, Mir pulled the string on her nightstand lamp, plunging the room into darkness, illuminated occasionally by a flash of lightning.

Mir knew she wouldn't be alone forever.

She just had to keep waiting.

THE END