We're in a Relationship?
------------------------

> be anon
> you're in your home making food
> stir fry
> pretend to be world renowned chef having a cooking show
> talk to a window in kitchen as if talking to camera
> make fancy gestures to show how fucking elegant you are while adding the vegetables and seasonings into the pan.
> stir that shit up!
> 10 minutes later, food is done.
> coincidentally hear door bell ring
> clean hands and opens the door to see your friend, Kelly.
> she's roughly a 5 foot kobold with a slender figure. Her scales are black.
> "Hey Anon, how you doing?" she says with a smile.
> you tell her that you were just done cooking.
> "Oh! Do you mind if I come and get some?"
> You tell her that you didn't mind since you made a batch that'll probably last you 3 days.
> you pretend to be a waiter, let her in, and lead her into the kitchen.
> you seated her while you briskly walked to the stove with  two plates.
> you tell her if she wants anything else on it like more seasoning or rice.
> "I'm fine with just the stir fry by itself."
> you then measure the portion size of the stir fry so as to not waste the precious food.
> as you return back with the food and put it near her, she begins to salivate at the mere glimpse of it.
> "Thanks Anon!"
> She proceeds to take a bite and shivers from head to toe with an orgasmic face. You could see her drooling with the spoon in her mouth.
> "Hmmmmm, Anon. You'd make a great chef. It's like every time I come and eat here I'm speechless over what you make."
> Well, it's nothing special really. The stir fry is just meat, vegetables, and seasoning. You just dump everything on there and hope for the best.
> You thank her for the compliment and ask why she's over.
> "Oh yeah, I wanted to ask you a favor if that's OK?"
> You say that it's fine as long as it doesn't involve you being dead.
> "No no no, it's not anything dangerous at all. It's only for, like, a week or so at most."
> A week? Does she mean to go on vacation and you have to watch over her stuff?
> "No, it's not that at all. It's, something else... I just don't know how to say this without being so awkward."
> You can see her blush while she said that. You and her been friends for years since high school and she's been open so it would be somewhat puzzling that she get all red.
> "Ummm, I have a friend who's out of town that I wanted to go and visit, but she said that I need to take someone else with me."
> You thought that this was weird. You ask her that is this a joke or something her friend said or that she was only kidding.
> "No, she's serious. I have to bring someone over."
> You tell her why not her other friends?
> "They're too busy."
> You tell her that's not a great excuse.
> "Well, are you going to be busy during the winter break?"
> It's not that you were busy, you just wanted to stay at home and play some vidya on the computer you built.
> "I'm going take that as a 'no' then. Come on Anon, we been friends since high school. Can't you just do this for me please?"
> You still thought that having someone else with Kelly to see her friend was pretty dumb. Why would Kelly even need a person to go there with her?
> But then you rationalize that maybe she's doesn't want say that she's scared to go alone. Kelly was always claiming that she's a tough independent kobold that don't need no knight to help her. She's been living by herself ever since you met her.
> To help her be at ease and contemplating whether or not to stay home, you tell her that you're going with her journey.
> "Cool! Thanks Anon!" she exclaims while eating the stir fry. "I'm glad that you're coming to be my private chef as well!"
> You scoffed with a confident smile and then ask her what time do you two leave.
> "Well, I was hoping that we can leave right after I eat if you don't mind?"
> What the? Last-minute-ass nigga and their schedule!
> "Well, I thought you weren't busy right now and figured that right now would be the best time to ask."
> You didn't mind that she you ask to leave with her, but on such short notice irritated you. But you understood that she's very eager to meet her friend and leaving tomorrow would waste a day instead. It'll take at most 2 hours to pack up all the thing you'll need for the week.
> "Ok then, I'll just wait down here when you're done."

----------

> After 1 hour and 23 minutes passed, you got your suitcase of things and headed towards downstairs.
> "Oh, are you ready Anon? Let's go then!"
> The both of you went out to the driveway, stuffed your things into her car, and proceeded to go to her friend.
> The drive over there was pretty boring overall. The highway presented dried grasses for about an hour or so, the audiobook Kelly listen was on different flower species and which flowers represented their cultural aspects and meanings, the sky was the same blue spotted white clouds in various sizes, the road was a bit curvy and straight that felt somehow planned for someone to noticed when an exit off the highway was eminent. The trip took roughly 2 and a half hours as we got off the highway and into a street that led into various neighborhoods.
> You and Kelly came to a driveway with a one story house. The outside has empty flower beds along both side of the drive way and a rose bush around the front window that's left of the door. The drive way has a little path on the right that leads to the front door.
> we got out of the car and approach the door. Kelly rang the doorbell and after a few seconds pass we were both greeted to a rose-red kobold. She was almost the same height as Kelly and a little more plump than her.
> "Kelly! It's good to see you again!"
> "Same here Aereleth!"
> both of them hug each other during their introduction.
> Aereleth turned to look at you.
> "Oh, so this is your boyfriend I keep hearing about huh?"
> b-boyfriend?
> "Looks like you struck a good looking one at that. Quite jealous Kel."
> "Heh, you know it Aer!"
> Kelly nudges you
> "Introduce yourself."
> You introduce yourself to Aereleth. You were quite nervous and studdering while you did it because of what she said earlier.
> "Anon's your name? Nice to meet you too."
> She wraps her arms around your body to give you a hug. Her hands goes slowly up and down your back as to feel your warmth. At the same time, you heard a long inhale of breath through the nose of the kobold as if she wants to get a scent off from you. She gives you a wink after she pulls back from the hug, but you don't know how to make of that as a compliment or maybe something sinister.
> "Well come on in guys, it's freezing out here."
> We all quickly went inside of the quaint house and immediately felt the warm mid 80 Fahrenheit temperature. The house had a living room just behind the doorway with a path to the kitchen on the right side and a hallway on the left that leads to the bedrooms in the back of the house.
> "You guys must be hungry from the journey to here, I'll fix us some food."
> You told her that you and Kelly ate already before the drive, but you were interrupted by Kelly's excitement for food that she would be pleased to eat.
> "In the meantime, why don't you two unpack. It's gonna take a while to finish and we'd be killing two birds with one stone."
> You and Kelly agreed to that and proceeded to carry all the luggage into the living room.
> "Hey Aer, do you know where we can put our stuff away?"
>  Aereleth came out of the hallway and gestured us to go with her. You and Kelly went to the hallway and noticed that the it connected to the kitchen. Aereleth presented a door into a bedroom. There was a small closet on the left with a dragging door and in the center was a twin size bed with black bed sheets and pillows to match it.
> You asked Aereleth where you would be sleeping.
> "Uhh, aren't you going to be sleeping with your girlfriend?"
> "Yeah he is," Kelly interrupted, "He's just nervous that we're at your house and doesn't want to bother you. That's all."
> You can definitely tell Kelly was nervously saying that with a quivering tone as if she has yet to tell Aereleth the truth.
> "Ah, that's good to know. For a second there I though you two weren't together. It's pretty rare to see a kobold and a human to be in a relationship. Lucky for you two I guess, just don't stress out from the family gatherings Anon."
> She then goes back to the kitchen while you and Kelly go into the room unpack the suitcase of stuff.
> You begin to question her about this trip and why did she really wanted you to be there.
> "Sorry Anon, I just really needed a guy here to tell her that I had a boyfriend. I tried to make excuses to tell her that I can't bring them, but she really wanted to see. I've been friends with her longer than you and you know how I can't let friends down."
> You still thought that was a crappy excuse to bring you over, but since you're stuck here for a week might as well not focus on feeling agitated right now. You brushed the feeling off and continued to unpack your stuff.
> "Look, I know it was stupid of me to ask you for this, but I know that you'd never say no. I know that you felt being used, but my intention wasn't that. I'm really sorry Anon..."
> You can hear her sniffing and when you turn around you can see tears coming off from her face. It made you feel as though it was your fault for getting angry at a desperate person for help who knew that you'd always helped them in a similar situation. Although the blame is clearly hers, you can't help but to wrap your arms around Kelly and told her it was fine that you were here. You gently rub and pat her back to make her feel better and you let Kelly know that being here was a good time to talk about each other's life since you two see each other once every two weeks or a month.
> She stopped crying, but you can hear a faint *purrr* sound coming from Kelly. Is that how kobolds let the other person know that they're alright?
> As you two were hugging, Aereleth opened the door.
> "I just wanted to let you two know that th... Am I bothering something for the two of you?"
> You both realized the situation and let go from each other quickly.
> "Uh, no. Nothing wrong here Aer! Nothing at all. Heh..."
> You were caught by surprise and started to studder as well like earlier claiming that you two were just having your daily hugs like a regular mates.
Then you realize that the word "mates" might have a different connotation in kobold culture that you try to restructure your previous sentence.
> Aereleth shows a devilish smile to the two of you.
> "Well, next time lock the door whenever you two need to relieve your stresses."
> She closes the door and you can hear her feet walk away to the kitchen.
> Kelly turns towards the bed and jumps on it with a belly flop.
> "Ahhhh! Just kill me now!"
> You can't help but laugh at the awkward situation you're in. You say that a hug is common in a relationship and it shouldn't be weird, especially in front of your friends.
> Kelly's words are muffled by the pillow she tucked in her face.
> "I don't care. You and I know that she caught us hugging. She might think that we're actually in a relationship."
> You tell her that this was the whole point of the visit. Just because she saw you two hugging didn't mean that she saw you two having sex.
> She only tenses up at the mere though of it.
> You can't help but laugh again for her being this cute and innocent like. This isn't usually how she acts around you, maybe you wanted her to stay like this for the whole week. You remind her that you two have yet to unpack and she reluctantly gets off of the bed and begins.
> Her face seems almost moody, embarrassed, shy, and reclusive. You can't help but to take quick glances of her face here and there while you unpack. Shit's adorable!
> After almost unpacking all of your things, you hear Aereleth's voice behind the locked door.
> "Ok you two love lizards, come and eat!"
> You and Kelly respond and you quickly, again, glance at Kelly's face to see that same lovable, embarrassed face.