"Extra fries"
Author: J. Joe.

Chad stares at his digital clock, beaming its harsh red numbers and letting shadows grow all over the messy room. It’s five to seven. He slumps over to a corner of the bed, carrying all thick blankets along, to scoop up his phone. It’s sleepy dim screen lights up with glints of cracked lines, no news popped since and he closes it to drop off. Five to seven, so late. Not moving away at all, simply bundling what leftover of blanket to lie his face in. Body giving away, warmth penetrating only skin deep. Silence ringing and redness harshly beaming while he’s bunching together himself to hug. But at nothing, a void, really he’d just huff at with a face starting to melt off. Call of heaven! He jolts, fumbling all directions before crawling at the phone, rapidly clicking its home button. There it is, he blinks the dryness away. There, “No one around, come over!” It is real! Veronica, oh delightful Veronica.

He kicks off blankets against futile cold, breathes albeit steamy in his haste of getting a shirt on, hoodie, jeans and socks then boots. Then he slaps the light open. iPhone, leather wallet, keys, and mask. Back to darkness, back to light again as he steps into moldy apartment hallway air. Jiggling the lock closed, he sprints off to the stairs. Stomps echo in rapid succession with sole rubber screeching. Just wearing the mask pulled down to the chin as he leaves the main entrance door, already sent a text for exercise. Icy breezes blow dry his face, the streets either muddy or watery, plowing through by rigid calculated strides. Ignore groups of people and extra dark spots on the sidewalks, only under streetlights may a shred of safety exist, and definitely don’t show too much of white skin. Rows of broken or boarded stores passed by, only a corner to the left. Softly illuminating the dead asphalt and concrete all around its face was that sterile white light. Approaching quickly, he sees not a disturbance in the emptiness within the restaurant. Quietly he enters, still heaving a bit. A random seat taken and, still shifting about, he looks sheepishly at the counter, then glass window of pastries, and a gap window into the kitchen. None, no one at all.

Window shutters began unrolling down, leaving not a slit between the two worlds of cold and warm. Bold click clacks follow, her silky ginger hair flops its braided tail. Turning about, freezing in place. The autumn radiating eyes, firing not daggers but Cupid’s arrows. Not firing but gently smothering in. Her vixen streamline face modestly shines with bits of makeup, especially fresh red crystal lips. Those sashays wag his head locked on looking at the bulging hips. Back up again, upper from her tasteful bust, closer and warmer. Veronica, “Veronica!” He blurts out in his jolt, squeezing her bottled love by arms locking around the slender waist. Chin on fluffy cleavage his lips kiss her giggly throat, trailing above to her own, plush lips. More and more, until such warm fuzziness gives way of his legs. Under her command he did sit. Her great lady legs lie their tonnage upon his springy thighs while his hands safely keep her straight, closed in.

“Veronica, where,” he trails off in silence before silenced by her kiss.

“Oh hush, it’s not your fault the virus caused this lockdown.” She quickly added, both paws groping his warming cheeks.

“I can’t remember how long! But, fuck, sorry, fuck you’re still here.” Palm rubbing her six pack against the cheap waitress shirt.

“Did you forget we study together? Don’t stop~.” She purrs delectably, sliding an arm around his neck to lie her heavy head upon his own.

Rubs continue autonomously and now with back rubs to start up the tail engine, whacking wildly as usual. Her sharp, happy giggles, between pauses were equally happy sniffs to smell him and his humanity. Though the air is too chilly, eyes everywhere out and in, disturbing noises barging whenever it pleases to do so. So, gently cooing him to rest. She swiftly takes on closing the lights, locking registers, and clocking in. Her paw grabs his smaller hand in her way out of the restaurant. Chad fumbles his hips but she simply leads him down around, towards her dusty Corolla. Fresh minty scent assaults them as they enter, sinking in lukewarm seats. The light voiced engine kicks up and she quickly drives off. Red lights passed by eagerly before a crowd would surround them. Landing a perfect parking place just at his apartment building.

Veronica throws Chad onto bed, stripping herself bare in underwear and embracing Chad before he even takes off the hoodie. Cocooning blankets together, her great body stealing more to cover. Chad simply clutches securely onto her, loving words muffled against chest fluff. Dear soft murmurs bring upon pleasant silence, eventual ceasing moves to savor together. Such haste ended in such slow love. Her face blooms in relaxation, finally over. His coldness vanished and now warmth rightfully conquering everywhere.
