Chapter 5

	The video was slightly grainy, and the audio was a bit tinny, but it was still easy enough to make out both.  On screen was a dimly lit room with a nemesian female, disheveled looking with un-brushed fur.  She was visible from the waist up, and while it was clear she was doing something off-camera, what she was doing wasn't visible.  Her ears kept flicking around as if someone kept poking them, and her eyes were unfocused most of the time.  She was having obvious difficulty speaking clearly.
	"This is ahhhhh w-warning to anyone getting thisssss-s-s.  My name-mmmm is Muli and..."
	She bit her lip and grunted at the camera with her eyes shut tightly.  After a few seconds, she resumed.
	"I've encountered aliens.  I'm not joking, this isn't a prank, actual aliens.  The scientists were fucking wrong."
	She looked surprised, then despondent, letting out a pathetic sounding whine.
	"They don't fight FAIR!  Pheromones, they flood the air with them.  MHM!  I, I've tried to deal with it, but it keeps coming back.  Urh.  Ah.  Ah...I...fff...pheromones.  Watch out for themmmmmmMH!  I'm s-sorry...I'mmm going to give up.  I've TRIED!  I.  AH!  I can't f-fight this.  Fucking bastards!  Watch out...w-watch..."
	At this point she stopped trying to talk, a visibly wet hand shot up to hit a button, and the video ended.  The lights came on inside the lecture hall, which was at about 75% capacity.  Rows of college students, human and nemesian.  Mostly nemesian females, but a sizable amount of human males.  Those were the usual demographics on nemesian owned planets.  Nemesian males were a rare sight in public in general, and they had their own private tutors.  It was doubtful the government would risk harm to a nemesian male by letting them go to a college anyways.  The lack of human females was easily explained by the usual relations between nemesian females and human females.  They absolutely hated each other.  As such, no human female would willingly step foot on a nemesian owned world, much less go to college there.  Likewise, no nemesian female was eager to visit Earth for any longer than was necessary.
	Professor Frama looked at her mostly full class, who were mostly awake.  The reactions were as she expected they would be.  The nemesian females appeared to be in various degrees of embarrassment, and the human males in various degrees of amusement.  One was grinning while looking directly at her, and winked when she met his eyes.  Honestly, that was just going too far.  She shook her head in exasperation before addressing the class.
	"With the arrival of this...less than professional video, we discovered we were not alone in the universe.  There was another species out there, though at the time humans were considered a potential threat."
	Some light laughter, from both the nemesians and humans.  Most of them had a hard time conceiving of the idea, it was long before they were born.  As closely tied as humans and nemesians were these days, it did sound a bit absurd.  Even more so given the wide technology gap between the species back then.  Looking at her wristwatch, she was running out of time.
	"And that his how one of the most momentous events in our history was forever enshrined in a terribly embarrassing incident.  Forcing poor teachers like me to teach students like you about the Lost Miner incident."
	More gentile laughter from the class.  Maintaining a bit of humor was important to keep them awake.  The human who had been staring at her with that damned grin spoke up.
	"Is it really that bad?"
	She thought to herself, "and to think, they won't let us throw students out of windows."  She gave him a mild glare, while responding to the challenge.
	"I'm sure you can see why it's awkward teaching people about how the first contact between two species involved a sexually deranged miner capturing video of herself masturbating with both hands while muttering incoherently about how horny she was, and then sending that video on a broadband broadcast to the majority of the universe.  You can see that, can't you?"
	He relented with a nod, but didn't stop looking at her with a smile on his face.  She was tempted to wipe it off with the back of her hand.  Instead, she increased the strength of her glare.  Time to wrap up the class.  She adjusted the breathing mask over her nose to ensure it had a good and tight seal.
	"Alright class, we'll wrap it up here for today.  Finals are in two weeks, so No MORE HOMEWORK!"
	That always brought a cheer.  Everyone was awake now.
	"So I'm expecting everyone to study and do WELL on the finals.  I'm not giving you people two weeks off just to slack off.  Like I told everyone at the beginning of the year, I do NOT grade on a curve!  What you get is what you earned, no exceptions.  I'll see you all tomorrow."
	And the class slowly filed out of the classroom.  Friends congregated, groups formed, Frama spotted two interspecies couples holding hands on the way out.  She hoped they weren't up to something when the lights had gone out.  It was hard enough to keep a classroom focused as it was, she didn't need anything to compete for their attention.  She noticed one of the nemesians with a human pull her breathing mask up for a kiss.  Of all the changes humanity's discovery had brought nemesian society, the breathing masks were probably the largest.
	They were very simple, small, and cheap devices designed to fit over the nose and filter out the pheromones the humans were constantly producing.  Two tiny replaceable filters, a small flexible plastic cup, that's all it was.  The special plastic used in the cup became sticky when moist, so it easily stayed in place with the moisture from normal breathing.  It was a needed item in public or anywhere humans would be, or could be.  They couldn't turn their pheromones off, and asking all of them to wear air-tight containment suits was unpractical, so this was the solution they had ended up with.  The filters were usually good for about three to four hours depending on how much they had to filter out, and they were very cheap.
	It had only been a few hundred years since that first encounter, and already there were enough human males around that it was required by law that you wear a breathing mask when in public.  As the story went, that law came about after a few shameless nemesian women were arrested for public indecency.  They would go to a public place, take their mask off, and wait for the pheromones to take effect.  They later admitted they just did it for the thrill.  Trust the exhibitionists to ruin things for everyone.  Sadly enough, most laws were the result of some idiot who lacked responsibility or self control.  To wit, operating a vehicle while intoxicated didn't become a crime until nearly 70 years after they had first invented motor vehicles.  Most people had been capable of handling their drugs, but a string of horrible accidents had convinced the government to deal with the situation.  Of course, you had to be pulled over for reckless driving before nemesian police would even consider charging you with a DUI, a fact which never ceased to disturb humans.
	Frama walked to her office thinking about the differences in how nemesians and humans thought led to the strangest debates.  A human would argue that someone intoxicated shouldn't be behind the controls period, but a nemesian would argue there wasn't a problem until there was an issue.  Bloodsports?  Humans say it's terrible and pointless violence, nemesians say it's entirely voluntary, so what's the problem?  Even how nemesians treated men was a constant source of arguments.  The humans said nemesians had a habit of treating them like glass babies, overprotective to the point of paranoia.  The nemesians said the human men were borderline suicidal, with self-destructive urges and a strong desire to injure themselves.  Both of them were correct, from their own point of view.  Both of them were also hopelessly wrong, from the other side.
	She unlocked the door to her office, went inside and sat down at the comfy chair behind her desk, feeling uncomfortable at how exhausting the walk from the classroom to her office was for her.  Yet another joy of getting old.  Last year the very last little bit of her fur that was still it's original light mocha color had finally turned gray.  She had considered herself lucky in that regard, most nemesian women tended to go fully gray before they turned 70.  At 73, Frama was finally looking completely old.  You couldn't fight time, and the dyes always looked so horribly fake.  Best to go with it with your dignity intact.  With the right conditioners, gray wasn't too far off from a graceful looking silver.
	While going over her lesson plan for the next day, she heard a knock she had been expecting.
	"It's open, come in."
	Sure enough, it was Mr. Awkward Questions from class, still with that damned grin on his face.
	"I wanted to talk to you about my grades."
	That was a blatant lie, she knew full well what his grades were.  She regarded him with a disapproving look.
	"Really?"
	It didn't faze him any, he still had that smile plastered on his face.  She recognized the look.  Excitement.  Eagerness.
	"Yeah, I wanted to talk about the grade I got on the last test" he said, approaching her desk.
	A slight quickening of her heart rate told her that the filters in her breathing mask were almost saturated.  She had been teaching a two hour class in a room with multiple human males, the female members of the class usually put in fresh filters beforehand, and another set of fresh filters after they got out to compensate.  She had neglected to put in fresh filters when she came into her office.  A mistake she would fix immediately.
	"The 87%?  What about it?" she said while casually opening a drawer on her desk, one she kept well stocked with replacement filters.  Feeling around, she didn't feel the small plastic packages.  A quick look told her the same thing her hand told her.  The drawer was completely empty.  She noted that there wasn't even any of the empty wrappers she left in there.  How irritatingly polite of him.
	"Well, I thought..."
	"I see you were paying attention last week." she cut him off.  He just smiled.  Last week they had covered the First Delegation incident.
	"What do you mean Profess..."
	"You know damn well what I mean, don't play stupid with me.  This drawer didn't magically empty itself.  How did you get in here anyways?  I always lock the door."
	He shrugged.  "I bribed a janitor to let me in."  He sat his backpack in the chair on the far side of the desk, and started walking around to where she sat.  She gave him her best glare.
	"So, where are they?"
	"Hmm, that's a very good question Professor.  What would this information be worth to you?" he asked her with a large smile.  It was hard to not roll her eyes.  As he stopped in front of her, she felt the tell-tale warmth within that let her know her filters had failed completely.  With a sigh she stood up, and unbuttoned her blouse, laying it on her desk.  She glared into his smile.
	"Just make this quick, I have class in an hour."
	As she worked on removing her long skirt, he stepped in close, bringing an arm around her back and putting one hand below her breasts, scratching at her ribs.  The skirt fell to the floor, and the arm behind her moved down, the hand scratching around the base of her tail.  She pulled the worthless breathing mask off, dumping it into the empty replacement filter drawer, it was getting in her way.  She wrapped both arms around him, pulling herself in closer to the busy hands, breathing deeply.  He pulled her panties down from her hips, and moved the both of them closer to her desk.
	Without being prompted, she sat at the edge of her desk, and spread her legs while he worked at taking his belt off.  After lowering his pants and underwear to reveal his erection, then moved close enough to her so he could rub it between her legs.  "He must think he's funny" she thought to herself.  She wrapped her legs around his waist and forcibly pulled him in, pulling him in all the way in a quick motion.  He looked at her and exclaimed "Hey!"  His protest was cut off by her snarling in his face, "STOP TEASING!", with a murderous look in her eyes.  He shook his head and complied, shifting his hips back and forth, setting a steady rhythm.  The anger left her eyes, and she used her arms to pull her face closer to his chest, pressing one ear against him.
	They spent nearly ten minutes in that position, him hunched over the desk with her clinging onto him with all limbs.  Both were making an effort to not make too much noise, though he was being a bit more successful than she was.  She could hear his heartbeat growing faster until he finally said he was about to finish.  He did so, and feeling his semen touch her cervix provided her with her own climax.  An interesting bit of nemesian biology that humans were always surprised by.  A conspicuously absent bit of human biology that always surprised nemesians.  Whereas sexual climax for a human woman was just a good feeling, it made a nemesian woman's womb undergo some changes to make it more receptive to impregnation.  As such, their bodies had developed to trigger this beneficial biological process whenever semen made contact with their cervix, maximizing their chances of pregnancy in response to the scarcity of breeding opportunities.  Then there was the other bit that was different.
	As she lay back on her desk relaxing in the afterglow, she felt him start to pull out.  He stopped immediately as he felt her vaginal muscles clamp a tight ring around the base of his dick.  Even the nemesian woman with the weakest vaginal muscles was capable of breaking a finger with them.  Attempting to pull out after she had that ring clamped would force blood to the tip, more so the more you pulled out.  It could go from uncomfortable to painful real fast.  To put it bluntly, you were not pulling out without her consent.  Another evolutionary development designed to prevent failed mating.  She glared up at him, as he looked at her in exasperation.
	"Do you want me to get the filters or not?"
	She looked a bit sheepish.
	"Oh.  Yeah."
	He attempted to pull out again, only to quickly give up.
	"Well?"
	She thought about it for a second.
	"You can carry me, can't you?"
	"Oh for the love of..."
	He sighed and lifted her off the desk, doing a shuffling walk around the desk to his backpack.  He couldn't walk quickly, since his pants and underwear were still bunched up around his ankles, plus he had his teacher still attached to him.  But he did finally reach the chair where his backpack sat, and used one hand to open it and pull out a plastic bag containing her filters.  He held it up to her, and she said "It's in my desk."  He gave her a look of exasperation, then shuffled them back over to the drawer where she put her mask.  She lay back on the desk again, reaching her arm over to open the drawer, and replaced the filters with an ease born from decades of practice.  She put the breathing mask over her nose, breathing in and out deeply a few times to trigger the stickyness to hold it in place.  She lay there with her ankles still hooked behind his back, breathing in and out, letting the pheromones work their way out of her system.  Finally she relaxed her muscles, allowing him to pull out.
	He didn't, instead remaining where he was, caressing the fur on her stomach, another hand rubbing around the base of her antler nubs.  He knew cutting and running was considered unflattering.  As he massaged around with base of her antler nubs with both hands, she decided to ask.
	"So, how was it?"
	The smile on his face at her question told her he was satisfied, but details were important.
	"That was great.  I've been wanting to have sex with you on your desk since the beginning of the year."
	"Glad to hear it.  Does this mean we're equal for that thing with my niece?"
	He looked to be considering it.
	"Hmmmm, one more."
	She had a feeling there was something else.  She really had to beg him to sleep with her niece, he was not enthused about that idea one bit.  Another conflict with human thinking, they tended to fixate on their current partner, and were generally against the idea of sex with someone else.  She really couldn't see the problem, it's not like her niece was going to try and steal him or something.  Besides, sharing your hard won male with your relatives was a good way to strengthen bonds.  Sharing one with your friends was a good way to cement a strong friendship.  After all, they would do the same for you.
	"what, again?  Now?"
	"No, uh, something for later tonight."
	"Well then I should probably tell you, we can't do this again."
	He looked a bit startled.
	"No, I mean, here, on campus."
	He relaxed at that.
	"Yeah, alright.  Thanks for this though, I've always wanted to do something like this."
	"I'm glad you enjoyed."
	She kissed him, feeling him slowly pulling out of her, testing to see if she was going to clamp down on him again.  She let him free, and unwrapped her legs from him so he could pull his pants back up.  As she put her clothes back on, she asked him if he needed a ride.
	"Aren't you worried people will see us together and get the wrong idea?"
	"Everyone has gone home for the day, no one will see."
	"It's alright, I can walk."
	"Are you sure?  What if something happened?"
	He gave her a look that said "are you serious?"
	"Hon, what could happen?  I can't even sneeze walking down the street without at least three women offering to call a fucking ambulance for me."
	"Well, what if a wild animal..."
	"In the middle of a city?"
	She wasn't going to convince him, so she stopped trying.  Pushing too hard drove human men away, they got frustrated with being looked after.  When they wouldn't agree easily, it was best to drop it.  It was an aggravating contradiction with human men.  They refused to look after themselves, and got angry when others tried to look after them.
	"Alright, fine.  Enjoy your walk.  Pizza sound good for dinner?"
	"Yeah, sounds great."
	With both of them fully dressed again, he kissed her again.
	"See you tonight."
	She kissed him back.
	"I'll be waiting for you."
	She waited until he left, grabbed her jacket, and locked the door behind her on the way out.  Timing was delicate.  Too soon, and he would see her.  Too late, and she would lose sight of him.  She did manage to get to her car and discreetly follow him on the way home, at least for a few blocks.  He spotted her, flagged her down, and they spent the rest of the ride home with her looking mildly embarrassed at getting caught, while he shook his head and took great fun in teasing her about spying on him.  She wasn't too bothered about it.  As long as he wasn't in potential danger.