>A stretch of crumbling cobbles lay before you, stretched taut by shoots of grass and coatings of moss that pushed the spaces between the stones, this road had seen little use in the many, many years since its construction. 

>Yet you walk it nonetheless, minding your footing on the loose stones as you press forward, one hand clinging to the strap of your pack, easing the weight of it if only slightly. 

>2 years on the road had taught you to always keep an eye or hand on your belongings, no matter how alone you seemed.  

>the road, if not the entire region seemed deserted. a thin fog hung in the air, masking the distance from view and bringing the air close to your skin. No birds or wind chirped or howled, only the sounds of boots on stone,Only  the occasional jangle of items stowed away in your pack and your own breath filling the emptiness 

>Up ahead a sign of sorts comes into view, beaten and weathered much like the road itself , the sign is simple wood baring faded letters just about legible enough to read "Dunrune"  the sign states, rather flatly.

>You pause to look around for any fork in the road or extra signs, none are apparent to you through the fog. shrugging you continue northwards, perhaps you'll come upon this Dunrune up ahead, it would be nice to find an inn or sauna and work out the chill. 

>Hours pass by if the gradually dimming fog is anything to go by, the road seems to stretch forever, as the night prowls forward however small lights begin to flare in the distance, cutting through the fog like a lighthouse upon the coast, drawing you forward. 

>Tiny amber lights, lamps you’d assume, dot across the distance, unmoving, well affixed lamps then.

>The lamps beckon you onward with the promise of food and rest. Tired as you are from the long trek, the lamps spur a rush of new energy within you, pushing you forward these final few steps to whatever building had lit its lamps, inadvertently guiding you forward.

>a few more moments of walking, the light growing closer, yet, not larger. The closer you come the smaller the light seems, unmoving and ungrowing. 

>You stop, breathing in cool foggy air as you consider the situation.You’ve definitely gotten closer, yet the lights ahead of you haven't brightened nor has the building they must hang off come into view

>Your hand subconsciously tightens its grip on the strap of your pack, something isn't right here. 

>You look away from the lights for a moment, around into the fog and spot more of them, dozens of tiny amber lights dotting the everpresent mist, each unmoving. A quick glance over your shoulder reveals more lights, hanging in the air some distance behind you. 

>You grip the strap of your pack tighter, breathing through your nose and cautiously looking all around at the lights, these werent lamps they were something else.

>You anaylse the situation as best you can, drawing on knowledge gained from years on the path,keeping calm,collected and quiet.

>These 'lamps' as you'd so foolishly determined them, you'd seen their like before in different colors and different lands yet their nature was familliar to you.ghost-lights, guide spirits, Wisps.

>To some, some fools, they were kindly spirits that help to guide the lost and wayward, for you they were a dire warning. the wisps were as crows circling carrion, waiting for the moment you fell to flood forward and feast. You breathe in deeply and perk your ears to listen for any sound, however slight to cut through the fog.

>The world is silent.unnaturally so.you wait, breath baited and stance ready until you finally hear it, a sound so small it would hardly register to anyone, yet to you it cuts through the fog like a the trumpet of a mammoth. a foot meeting the earth, the lightest of pressure upon stone as something stepped into reality. 