r/polyamory
1.8k
Posted by u/kbthrowaway4567
12 hours ago

My (29F, Human) husband (30M, Human) keeps going out with kobolds and I don't know how to feel about it. 
Dear reddit, my husband and I have been married for five years together for ten). Last month, I convinced him to open our relationship. Our sex life had been normal enough, but I felt we could both have a bit more fun this way. You know, try a stallion or wolfman on for size, that sort of thing. Plus, my husband was usually very reserved, almost guarded, maybe someone else could help him loosen up. 
When I approached him about it, he seemed a bit hesitant. He mulled it over for a few minutes, silent, seemed cheerful enough when he agreed though. Then things got weird.
Two days later there was a knock on the door in the evening. I went to answer it and to my surprise there was a kobold standing there. A rather provocatively dressed kobold. She asked for my husband's name, and before I could respond he was at the door beside me. He introduced us to one another, then he told me she was his date. I was aghast, but I put on my best smile and nodded as they left for god know's where to do god know's what. 

This wasn't a one time thing, that, I think I could handle. Just about every night there was a different kobold at the door. How was he finding them? I didn't think there were so many in our city. They were dressed in every which way. I'm pretty sure one was wearing nothing but a hoodie. What did he see in them? Now, I think of myself as open minded but I could not see what drew my husband to these short, androgynous lizards. Sure, they were lithe and had legs as shapely as any woman's but they are flat, small, and as far as I know, not great conversationalists. You can't even tell how old they are, I hear they don't show it 'til 80. How could he be into that? How could he be into that, and still be into me?

I really was beginning to think that he was losing interest in me, but that first Friday he came on stronger than ever. Usually I'm the one who starts things off, and this whole situation had me far from the mood for it. I passed, said I was tired. He seemed hurt, and hasn't tried since. It was after that that I noticed his temperament changing. He wasn't as quiet as he was before, he was chatty. He hummed and sang (badly) throughout the house. He seems happy, but not at all his normal self. 
Last night he invited me to the movies with one of them. I felt really awkward about it. I lied, said I had some work stuff to do at home. I feel so embarrassed about it now. Why did I do that? Why can't I say anything? What should I even say?

TL;DR My husband has changed a lot since opening our relationship and I don't know how to deal with that or his attraction to kobolds.
 
EDIT: I just got home after a long shift at work (I'd started doing overtime to take my mind off of this whole situation) and when I opened the door my ears were battered with the sound of my husband plowing away at some kobold. My nose was assaulted with the stench of sweat and who knows what else. My eyes were seized by the sight of it.

There, on the couch, my husband was slamming himself against a snarling ink black kobold as she held onto the armrest as if her life depended on it. Her eyes were looking at everything but me as she madly wailed and hissed. My husband, however, was well aware of my presence. Immediately his gaze was upon me, but he did not stop. The kobold's tail was hiked up his chest, the end wrapped partway around his neck. I could do nothing but stand there, transfixed. Here was the man who'd shown me nothing but tenderness in the bedroom, boring a hole through me with his eyes as he ravaged some tramp. Part of me worried they'd break the couch. I watched, for how long I could not tell. I was held captive by the intensity of the sight. Something stirred within me with every sound. Only when they reached their climax did the pounding cease with a final cry of pleasure from the little harlot. He sat back, eyes still locked one me. I was unnerved, and looked to the kobold. She licked her whole face with one stroke of that alien forked tongue of hers. It was only then that she noticed me. She looked at me, the faintest hint of a smirk on her face, and asked me to join them. I said nothing. Looking back to my husband, his gaze seemed to burn more intensely than ever before. He beckoned to me. A shiver ran through me. I asked for a moment, and ran straight to my room. 

My whole world has been turned upside down. I don't know why I watched that. Why couldn't I look away? Why didn't I say something? Why was it so enthralling? I feel horrible. Somebody, please help me make sense of this before I go back out there and make a fool of myself.