>Be Anon.
>You’re in the mall with your roommate and really your only friend, Rikki. 
>She’s a Racoon, and is clinging to your arm as she typically does. 
>You honestly don’t think she understands that this is why people always ask if you two are a thing. She’s always being touchy with you in public. You weren’t complaining, but this was probably why no women showed any interest in you. Or maybe that was just you. 
>You think it’s just a racoon thing though, despite your slight hope she may be into you. But that wasn’t likely. Heck, you know she didn’t notice it. 
>She honestly isn’t the brightest girl in the world. Not to be mean or anything, she just wasn’t. 
>But she makes up for it in being all around a complete sweetheart. 
>She is always bringing you home a bag of candy or something from the movie theater she worked or will send you little shitty 99 cent games on steam. 
>That was part of what made you like her. 

>”Oh, oh, Nonny! Can we go in there please!” Rikki tugs at your hand, pointing at one of the mall’s many stores. 
>You roll your eyes and tug back on her hand. 

“Rikki, look at them. They’re about to lower the gate, the mall is closing now. We need to go home anyways.” 

>”But I wanna see what they haaaaaaave,” she whines. But she follows you anyways. 

“Do you always have to be such a child in public?” 

>She puts on a pouty face, still holding onto your hand as she looks at the floor. “I’m not a child.” 

“Yes you are. Now c’mon.” 

>She sighs. “Can’t we at least do something else? I don’t wanna go home yet. It’s boring…” 

“Rikki, it’s 9pm. There’s nothing else to do in this town, you know this.” 

>The pouty expression doesn’t leave her face. You sigh. You really wanted to head home, you guys had been out wandering the city since lunchtime. 

“I’ll pick up a redbox on the way home. How’s that sound?” 

>The racoon perks up almost immediately, a grin plastered on her muzzle. “Okay!” She says happily, her tail swishing behind her as she clings to your arm again. 
>You were glad you could just finally go home. 
>On the way back you stop at a gas station with a redbox. 
>A thunderstorm was rolling in, so she stayed in the car while you went to get the dvd. She’d said she didn’t care what it was. 
>You pick out some generic horror movie. Can’t be any worse than Tremors. 

>Finally you get home. 
>After taking a few minutes to put on some dryer and more comfortable clothes, dealing with Rikki whining for you to hurry up the whole time, you put the DVD in and sit with her on the couch. 
>The movie is about as shit as you expected. 
>About some wolf cub and his family being tormented by some sort of demonic shadow thing that feeds on his subconscious. Or something. You honestly can’t follow it. 
>It is chock full of jump scares though, which after about a half hour, you notice seems to be really getting to Rikki. 
>Of course, killing all the lights in your house probably didn’t help. 
>She’s hugging her tail close to her chest, not tearing her eyes from the screen but letting out a little squeak whenever there’s another jump scare or shot of the monster. 
>An hour in she’s visibly shaking. 
>You nudge her with your elbow, making her jump a little. 

“Rikki, chill. It’s just a movie.” 

>”That thing is freaky…” she says through a face full of her tail, only her eyes peeking out. They glance around the dark room, wide and somewhat frightful. 
>With a sigh, you lean over and turn on one of the lamps, filling the room with a dull light. 

“There. Now relax, seriously. It’s almost over.” 

>”O-okay…” 

>The movie ends not long after. 
>All in all, absolute shit. Would probably rent again. 
>You look over at Rikki. She’s still hugging her tail and shaking, though not as bad as earlier. 

“You’re such a baby Rikki. Relax,” you say, nudging her with your elbow again. 
>Her green eyes meet yours before looking down. 
>She scoots close to you, leaning her head against your shoulder. 
>You frown. 
>Okay…maybe she was scared more than you thought. 
>You kind of feel bad. 
>Even though you shouldn’t. It was her problem for sticking around to watch a movie that freaked her out. 
>Should have left if it was that bad…right? 
>Still…she wasn’t the brightest girl. Can you really expect her to have that kind of common sense? Not really… 

>You put an arm around her, rubbing her back slowly. It helps a bit, calming her shaking. 
>After a few minutes you hear her sniffle a little. She pulls away, letting go of her tail. “I-I’m gonna go to bed now….goodnight Nonny..” 

>She gets up and leaves before you can say anything. The sound of her bedroom door closing hurt a little more than it should.
>Wow. 
>Now you really feel bad. 
>Maybe you should make her breakfast in the morning to make up for it. 
>Yeah, that would probably work. She loved frozen waffles anyways. 
>With nothing else really to do, and still feeling like a complete ass, you head to bed. 

>Sleep takes a while to find you. You toss and turn for a solid two hours before you finally manage to doze off around 1 am. 
>How long you’re asleep for you don’t know. But you wake up to the sound of light knocking on your door and Rikki’s voice. “N-Nonny?” 
>Her voice is more of a whimper than anything else. It sounds like she’s been crying. 
>You get out of bed and cross to the door, opening it. 
>Rikki is standing there, dressed in just a tank top and her panties. In one hand she’s clutching a pillow, the little teddy bear you remember getting her for her birthday in the other. 
>Her eyes are reddened, and the fur on her cheeks is matted down some, and damp. 
>Your heart twists a little at the sight. 

>You don’t even say anything right away, you just open your arms to her. 
>She drops what she has and clings tightly to you, her face buried into your chest as she sniffles loudly. 
>You hug the poor racoon back tightly, running a hand through her soft dyed hair. 

“What’s wrong Rikki…?” You ask hesitantly. 

>She shakes her head against your chest, her claws digging slightly into her shoulders while her tail wraps around you for added closeness. She doesn’t answer. 
>Another little whimper escapes her lips as you feel warm tears dampen your shirt. She squeaks something out you don’t understand well. 

“What was that…?” 

>She swallows and takes a deep breath, calming her little cries. “C-can I sleep with you tonight?” She asks, her voice still barely above a whine. 
>You can’t say no to her, not when she’s like this. 
>You nod and gently guide her to your bed. She doesn’t go to grab her stuff, she refuses to take her hands off you until she needs to climb into bed. 
>Once you’re in bed with her, she’s snuggled up into your side under the blankets almost immediately. 
>You lay on your side so she can cuddle to your chest, keeping an arm around her. 
>She’s calmed down a good bit down. Her crying has stopped, as has her shaking and whining. She still clings tightly to you, but it’s a relief to see she’s relaxed some. 
>It’s also…sweet that she came to you for comfort, despite you having been the one to have her watch the movie in the first place. 
>Her breathing becomes steady again as she nuzzles her face into the crook of your neck, one arm around you, the other resting between you on your chest. 
>Her breathing soon begins to slow down, even more so when you move your hand up slightly to start stroking her hair again. 
>She lets out a happy little chitter at that and you can tell she’s dozing off. 
>A few minutes of this later, and she’s asleep, snuggled up to your side. 
>It doesn’t take long for you to fall asleep either after that. 

(Aaaaaand that’s Part 1: Hug. Tomorrow shall come Part 2: Fug)  

>Come morning, you wake up before Rikki, around 11 am. 
>Holy shit, you overslept. You had the day off thankfully, so it wasn’t a big deal though. 
>You look down at your racoon roommate.
>She’s still snuggled into your side. She hasn’t moved at all, it seem. The only change is her fluffy tail is wrapped around your waist for added closeness. 
>You stirring seems to have woken her up though. 
>She buries her face into your chest, her fingers clutching your shirt tightly as she murmurs. “No…” 
>You start running your fingers through her hair to relax her and help her wake up. 

“C’mon Rikki, we’ve slept late enough as it is.” 

>She shakes her head, clinging to you tighter. “No leave me…” 
>You can’t help but smile a little as she pulls you back down, then snuggles up close to you and murmurs something else. 

“What was that?” you ask softly. 

>She looks down a little shyly, her hands slowly running along your chest. “I just…wanna thank you…I didn’t think you’d let me stay, and…” she snuggles her face back into your chest, hiding her face from you. “I feel safe with you…” 

>God why does she have to sound so sweet and innocent? 
>Your heart can’t take this. 

>You can feel her warm fur pressed against your body and okay those are boobs. 
>Yep, you can feel her tits pressing to your chest. They feel bigger now that they aren’t restrained by a bra. 
>Just a thin layer of cloth separating…
>Holy shit Anon, control yourself. 
>It’s not like she’s trying to be lewd, she isn’t that self-aware. 
>And she’s your best friend for fucks sake, you guys are practically like siblings. 
>Well, it seems your dick doesn’t care.
>You’re rock solid, and as soon as it’s bad enough to press against her thigh, you hear her let out a confused chatter, her ears perking some as she looks down. 
>Oh shit. 
>Your face is burning up from blush. 
>Her hand begins to move downward until her palm brushes against the tent in your gym shorts. 
>Then, with curiosity in her voice, she grabs it. 

“A-haH! Rikki, I-I…” 

>She looks up at you with a faint blush on her cheeks as understanding seems to hit her. She doesn’t let go of you. “Did…did I do this?...” 

“I-I mean…k-kinda..” 
>Holy shit Anon, keep it together. You’re sweating like a nigger trying to read at this point. 
>Her hand moves up some, to the waistband of your pants. She squirms some more as she pulls the waistband down far enough for your cock to spring out. 
>Her blush gets worse as she sees your dick for the first time. She’s biting her lip nervously as her soft hand goes over the shaft again, fingers wrapping around it. “It’s so hard…”she says, as if in awe. 

>You realize this is probably a new thing for her. She’d never brought guys home since she’d moved in with you. Maybe she hadn’t done anything like this before.
>She starts to stroke it a little, making you tense up and gasp. She looks up at you, flustered and worried. “Did I hurt you…?” 

“N-no…just sensitive, Rikki…i-it feels good though..” 

>She continues stroking you slowly, and you see her other hand has already slipped into her panties so she can play with herself. It doesn’t seem to be enough though, as she’s squeezing her legs together too and squirming. 
>”N-nonny?” 

“W-what?” 

>”Can…can I put it in me…?” She asks, not looking at you. But you can hear her fingers now, rubbing herself faster. She’s got to be soaked, from the sound of it. 
>Damnit Anon…are you really gonna risk ruining your…? 
>No. Damnit Anon, don’t you even ask yourself that you cuck. She’s jacking you off and fingering herself, you’re way past the point of asking that. 
>You swallow and nod. 

“Yeah…you wanna be on top?” 

>”Mhmm…” 

>She’s really needy, it seems. Rikki doesn’t waste time taking off her clothes. With you on your back, she pulls your pants down a little bit more and straddles your hips. 
>You can see her panties are soaked through, dripping with her juices as she merely pulls them aside. 
>Her hands rest on your chest for stability while you grab your cock with one hand and help line it up. 
>It presses to her folds…holy hell, the heat is practically radiating off of her cunt. 
>She begins to settle down onto it, her face scrunched up with a mix of pain and pleasure as she gives a needy whimper. 
>The head slips in…fuck, she’s tight as a vice. Her walls clench down on your shaft as she keeps taking in more and more. 
>Finally, her hips are settled all the way back down, your cock now balls deep in her. 
>Her eyes open slowly, rolling back some as she gives a shaky breath. “O-oh Anon...t-that feels…ahh…” 

>As your hands grab onto her ass, she starts lifting herself back up about halfway, then lowers herself again. 
>You help her set a rhythm, the raccoon soon bouncing up and down on your cock. Her tits jiggle through her top as she leans down some. 
>When she’s close enough,  you put a hand around her neck and pull her in for a kiss. 
>She whimpers into it, melting enough to where she can’t even properly ride you, settling for merely grinding back and forth with your cock hilted inside of her. 
>Finally breaking the kiss, you grab her ass again, shift a little, and take over, thrusting up into her with more speed than she could manage herself. 
>Rikki lets out whimper, leaning on top of you, clutching your shoulders. “Anon…oh Anon, please! I-I need it, m-more…!” 

>Her pussy starts to clamp down hard on your cock in uneven intervals, little contractions massaging your shaft as you fuck her. 
>She was clearly getting close, as were you. With how hot, slippery, and tight she was, there was no way you wouldn’t be a quick shot. Just had to hold it in long enough…get her off first. 
>That isn’t proving to be much of a challenge. Her claws are digging into the skin of your shoulders, her breathing shallow and uneven as a constant string of moans, whimpers, and needy begging pours from her lips. 
>You smirk some, and raise a hand off her ass for a moment only to give it a good spank. 
>And that little jolt of pain was enough. She tensed up all over, her back arching as she gave pleasure filled cry, her cunt squeezing you even tighter than before as her walls spasmed, and you felt your crotch become even more soaked as her juices leaked out around your cock. 
>You couldn’t hold it back either, and with your cock hilted inside of her, you came hard, coating her walls with your seed. 
>You should have pulled out…but you didn’t…you just hoped she wasn’t in heat. 

>Panting lightly and giving another little whimper as your softening cock slips out of her, Rikki lays on top of you, burying her face into the crook of your neck. “A-Anon…” she whines. 
>You relax some, and put your arms around the raccoon, hoping to make her stay happy and not feel any sort of regret or anxiety over what you just did. 
>It seems to work. She lets out another happy whine as you begin to stroke her back gently. 

“Feeling better?” You ask playfully. 

>She nods. “A lot…” 
>You feel her place a soft little kiss on your jaw as she snuggles close to you. 
>”Nonny…?” 

“Yeah Rikki?” 

>”I love you.”