>The Agora General of HMOFA.
>Human Males On Female Anthros. 
>An assembly for man's love of female anthros.
>Whether it was vulpine, canine, feline, rodent, marsupial, amphibians, or what ever. 
>It did not matter.
>The Anons will always treasure every waifur dear to their hearts. 
>Not only for their beauty, but for the comfort that they bring.
>A love that all Anons can agree on.
>A love that was heavily discussed, debated and theorized.
>A love that brought writing and art. 
>And unfortunately a love that brought heated arguments and shitposting.
>The chamber filled with a bitter quarrel that quickly turned into accusations of faggatory. 
>Anons, who moments ago treated each other like brothers, quick turned on one another. 
>Screaming, yelling, shouting and REEEing. Fists were ready to fly. 
>But all the noisy bickering caught one special waifur's attention. 
>A door flung open, causing a loud bang as it slammed onto the wall, turning every Anon's attention towards the door way. 
>A scantily clad, but angry, Renamon stood with her paws by her hips, glaring disappointingly at every Anon.
>"Do any of you have a shed of decency?" She asked with her voiced raised, marching through assembly towards the central stage, pushing any Anon that was in her way. 
>"It's as if all of you are here just to cause drama. When really you should all be worshiping: Soft. Exotic. Beautiful. Anthros." She commanded as she paraded her body on the stage for all her Anons to gaze upon and enjoy.
>"Not having a fucking dick measuring contest like a bunch of autists!" She scolded at all the Anons, her angry gaze causing their heads to drop. 
>Renamon sighed, "I guess we need another group session for you all to learn to get along." Heads started to look up, excitement started to build up between the Anons.
>A smirk grew on Renamon's lips. "I guess boys will be boys." She quietly whispered to herself as she unhooked her bra and revealed her tits to the men of her life.
>As soon as her bra had hit the floor, the Anons had her completely surrounded. She raised her arms as greedy hands reached out and grab her. Lifting her of her feet as they started to pet, caress and fondle her. "Now now, don't be selfish. Remember to share." She reminded everyone with a giggle. She loved attention. 
>The digimon closed her eyes and left her lover's hands roam her body freely. She felt human digits scratch her behind the ears. Fingers digging into her soft fur. Palms massaging her thick thighs. And Hands started to give loving belly rubs. Renamon loved getting those from her humans. 
>Anons took turns gathering around their beloved Renamon, enjoying her warm and soft body. Renamon reached any pair of lips that was near by, wanting to show her appreciation for her loves. 
> Hands eventually started to group her breasts with fingers pinching, pulling and twisting the digimon's nipples. Palms invaded her rump, Anons greedily massaging the fat ass. Renamon was getting hot from all the attention. She was more then ready for the main course.
>The Anons as well, many of them ditching their clothing to be fully nude, their erections at full mast. 
>Renamon's undergarment vanished with Anons lining up to breach the warm holes of their beloved Renamon. She waited eagerly as the first one lined up his shaft with her needy cunt. She smiled at the Anon, fluttering her eyelashes at him before giving the command: "Fuck me!"
>A moan echoed around the room, Renamon had no need to hold her voice, she wanted every Anon to hear how pleased she was. 
>But her harmonious sounds of love wouldn't last long, as another line stared to from behind her. She didn't resist when she felt a pair of strong hands pull her head back and she happily fed and suckled on the cock that pressed into her lips.
>Renamon was in complete euphoria, not just from the hours of pleasure and eager fucking from her lovely Anons, but from the corner of her eye she can see her beloveds treating each other like brotheren once more. 
>Anons laughing and smiling together.
>Writefags and artists inspired and creating new content.
>Even lurkers, who were once too shy or intimidated, started joining in the discussion.
>The Agora General of HMOFA was once again in harmony 
>The sight of happy was almost as sweet as the pleasure she was experiencing.
>Almost.
>The walls of her pussy quivered as she milked another Anon, his seed mixing with the seed of his brethren. She lost count of how many times she orgasmed so far. Her cunt held onto her beloved's cock, not wanting it to be empty. But as soon as one Anon left, Another came and took his place, filling the empty and needy gap.
>She left her maw wide open for any Anon to fuck her muzzle, savoring their cocks and drinking down their seed. 
>And her coat was decorated in streaks of cum from both Anons she jerked off and Anons who chose to leave their mark on her. The smell of the of seed building up on her fur only knocked her rocks off even more. 
>Oh how she loved the Anons and their human cocks.
>Renamon lost track of time during her human gang bang. She could only tell it was night from the moonlight shined through the windows. 
>When the fuck fest ended, all the Anons came to her side, ready for her beck and call. Renamon loved the care she received from her Anons as they brought her water and snacks. Even one anon to carried her to her comfy chair by the stage. 
>The Throne the Anon's called it jokingly.
>A few Anons brought wet towels, offering to clean her up. But refused, informing them that she rather their love splattered all over her, while her paws pressed the any cum that leaked from her folds back inside. 
>'Today was a good day' Renamon thought to herself as she relaxed in the afterglow, watching her Anon's discuses about their literature and ideas.
>And it seemed that way. 
>Until Renamon heard an Anon claim that Rat Wives where the best wives. Another Anon objected and said the Raptors Wives were better. 
>Uh oh.
>Awwooos were heard in the background.
>And voices were starting to raise.
>Someone even threw sliced bread yelling "Kill yourself"
>"Oh well." Renamon sighed as she closed her eyes. "I guess boys will be boys."