  The green in between the buildings was mowed only the day before, but it still smelled fresh cut.  Late summer had aged to early fall, the grass still growing like it was the middle of June, and the quiet of summer classes had birthed the annual call of freshmen trying to find their next class while talking too loudly on their phones.  I couldn't denigrate them that much since I'd been in their shoes this time last year.  The bag's strap felt solid over my shoulder, and I looked around for a familiar face or a group that fit.  I'd dressed just like she had told me, comfortable shorts for movement, a shirt that wasn't too tight or too loose, and sneakers that wouldn't restrict the ankles.
  Naturally, I was ambushed while I tried to make out if the voices at the other end of the green was the group I was looking for.  She threw a hug around me and squeezed, bubbling over like a cartoon teakettle, all ash brown with orange highlights fading to a creamy white under her chin and down her chest, barefoot and bouncing from foot to foot after the attack.
  "I really thought you were joking!  You came!  Come over and we'll find a spot!"  Her braids were gathered back with a wide elastic that had a couple late honeysuckle blossoms through it, heady and sweet even off the vine, framing the shape of her ears and face. 
  "At some point, you missed that I really do need to do something like this before I get a sprain, or worse yet my back.  And I've read too many articles that have boiled down to that yoga isn't just for hippies and soccer moms.  So here I am."  I held up my hands in mock defeat and let her have the moment.
  She started dragging me along and I let her.  Priya may have only been a few hairs and a hand over five feet tall, but she had a power athlete's build, all shoulder and leg with enough around the middle to say all the muscle wasn't a bunch of water and show.  We'd met the previous school year in the gym, just another pair of people that worshipped at the most divine chapel within: the free weights.  She bounced from group to group like it was impossible that anyone wouldn't be civil at worst.  And at best she was dead serious when it came to unrack but as light as a foam dumbbell once you'd reracked.  So somewhere in that freshman year I'd acquired a whole slew of new friends and then some, never quite alone unless I went home, shut the door and turned everything off.
  If she wasn't such a pure-hearted soul, she'd be annoying.  I had longer legs than her but she switched to skipping along and I felt like a horse being put through its paces.  The group was under a quartet of old trees, well shaded, and about two dozen strong including us.  The leader, an older guy with a graying ponytail, was talking to a few of the students.  It was a mix.  Besides us there were a few Indians, one of the girls in a elephant tshirt, a couple black girls that stared daggers at Priya, and bits of everything else.  She was the only Kadisi there, but I had to remind myself that she was as much Indian as the cluster on the far side, and she'd mentioned at some point in one of her ramblefests that she also had some African heritage in there somewhere.  I set my bag down beside hers, and suffered the indignity of her checking my shirt and shorts.  That's one thing any girl will do given the opportunity.
  "Ugh, if they made as much yogawear for men as us girls, you'd be better prepared."  She tugged at the pocket of my shorts, showing me that they fit closer in the hips than lower on the thigh.  "See?  Same fit all the way though, not compression gear or tights that pull at your knees or back."
  Her hands plucked in demonstration at the dark brown of her capris then went back to fussing at my fashion choices, ears twisting in annoyance at the usual small things in life, forgotten in the next moment.  "I promise that I'll get something better if this is as good as you've claimed for my back and all these sore spots."
  "And what's that supposed to mean?  If you promise, I'm going to hold you to it.  No weaseling out.  You just have to do it, not act like you might do it this week but never find time.  At least you have a decent shirt on.  See?  Arms and shoulders can move."  She swung them in small airplane-like circles, then crossed them over in front of her, showing off her orange print sports bra, then hands on hips.  "It would have been funny if you'd worn a shirt three sizes too small and couldn't stretch any.  It's either just right or you're going to go without."
  "That would be something Danny would do.  Wear some multi-colored abomination that would make a bicyclist reconsider, then proudly rip it off as if he was ready to do a bodybuilding comp."
  Her eyes rolled at the mental image.  "Well, I think the yogi's about ready.  This should all be easy for you!"  Her tail lifted a bit, then swung in a loose arc that was almost the same shape as her smile."
  "Hello, everyone, and thank you for coming out today.  This is a vinyasa style class, so even though we're keeping this simple enough for those of you just starting out, do keep in mind that this is not low impact.  As we move from pose to pose, I will be helping you increase your strength as well as your flexibility.  And please remember that yoga is not a religion, even though it comes from Hindu traditions, nor is it a sport.  This is not a competition, this is a long journey on a very old and well-traveled road."
  The first pose was far too easy.  Tadasana, he called it, just standing with hands raised in front and pushed together as if praying.  Then we reached overhead.  Anyone who's ever pressed or jerked 100kg knows a simple truth -  if you can't do it without weight you'll never do it safely with weight, so I tried to stay focused on the position and breath.  It was damned hard not to steal a glance or two next to me at Priya.  Hell, I'd seen her in shorts that'd were like the ones the crossfit girls wore, and smaller sports bras, but what was fascinating was the utter calm that had washed over her whole face and body, so different than her usual or the amped up fervor of the weightroom.
  Comeuppance is a hell of a thing.  The next pose, Uttanasana, started like a stiff-legged deadlift.  What was hard was reaching all the was to my toes in that position.  Someone placed a small block in front of me, and I murmured a thank you while cursing my height and less flexible hamstrings.  Priya, on the other hand, was bent double like a contortionist, hands gripping at her ankles.  And as we switched back to the standing pose, I didn't have much time to rest or wonder what else she'd gotten me into.  This was going to be another one of those things.  Down into the bend again, and this had a good chance of ending up like far too many times in the past year.  I told myself that wasn't a complaint, but there was the impromptu pullup competition that ended up being max reps with 90 pounds on a dip belt.  That one had left me sore for a week, and I actually did serious pullup work twice a week and unweighted work twice more.  Or there was the time she'd gotten us into the wrong training room, and we'd ended up working out with the gymnastics team.  Everything had started hurting two days after, bad enough that I had to hobble to the student health center and wait for one of the massage tables to free up.  That one came with the indignity of her running into me afterward.  I gritted for yet another of those things where you find yourself in another's wake and get dragged to a new place.
  I was lucky that the rest of the poses were easier for me.  One was the bottom of a pushup.  There were the pair of Upward and Downward-Facing Dogs, the first looking like a dip from the waist up, the later a good warmup for an ab-wheel session.  Then there were a pair of Warriors, the Virabhadrasana.  One looked like a good cooldown from lunges, the other felt like a torturing substitute for sissy squats, which aren't if you do them right.  That's what must have done me in, thinking like that.  The earlier poses repeated, and by the time I'd made my way back to Tadasana the sun had shifted enough to steal the shade.  He kept us standing until the sun took a break behind another cloud.
  When it was all over I was barechested and pouring sweat as if I'd been doing a metric crapton of low volume, short rest deadlifts.  I collapsed and swore with what little breath I had left that my conditioning wasn't shit.  The clouds drifted across the sky as I laid back instead of doing the smart thing, like a cooldown.  A few groups of students passed on the nearby walk, the girls varied shades of taking in the scenery.  One trio of Sirueans girls slowed down more than the others, with the outer one elbowing the middle as the closest to me got louder in her teasing.  I didn't spend breath laughing at the scene.  Priya came back with the yogi in tow, and helped me up to a sitting position.  After she stood back with her tail performing random shapes, not nervous but instead the sheer happiness of motion.
  "I'm William.  Priya's told me to expect you.  I'm glad you saw the wisdom in not pushing to match her.  She's been coming to my sessions since the start of last year."  His face stayed neutral.
  "So that's how long this'll take until I get her to stop needling me?"
  He glanced to her, and couldn't read the backstory there.  "I can't say.  It looks like you have admirable strength.  This is a way of using it that you're not used to yet."
  "You're telling me.  This was worse than getting conned into doing sets of widowmakers with bodyweight."
  He looked puzzled until Priya explained that I meant high rep squat sets.  "I wouldn't think bodyweight would be much trouble for you."
  "He means with a barbell.  Shawn's about 225."  His eyebrows spiked as Priya corrected his assumption.  "He won, by the way.  It was a round robin until one person was left.  Ten to fifteen minutes sounds like a long time until you need that long to recover."
  She helped me stand, and I brushed off the little that had been missed by vacuum attachments on the groundskeepers' lawnmowers.  I needed a shower right now, then about two-thirds of what it would take to get me stuffed.
  "I see.  Take it easier on yourself the next few days.  You completed a more intense flow, by using the more difficult variations, than I'd recommend for the football team to reinforce their strength training.  It will get easier."
  "I'm not worried about easy."
  "Not every day or task is hard, less so if you've prepared."
  "You're preaching to the choir, William."
  That got him in a sensitive spot, 
  "Well, I'll leave you to the rest of your day.  Next session is Thursday, here and the same time."
  Priya scooped up my t-shirt and dunked it on my head with a twisting flourish.  "You were attracting attention from all the girls walking by, I'll have you know.  I didn't invite you out here so you could use this to advertise."
  "What, me?  Have you ever known me to play the smooth talking pickup line jukebox?"
  "I didn't ask Danny to come out here.  No, you just give every other girl the opportunity to try her lines.  I mean, I'm used to getting creeps taking pictures when I'm bent over but you're going to have quite a fanclub in no time."  She poked me in the stomach and kept going until I pulled the shirt off my head and slipped it back on.
  "If I didn't know that you don't do jealousy...
  Her tail stopped mid-arc.  "You'd remember that I know how many girls you've gotten out of the gym."
  "Just because they were interested, it doesn't mean something happened.  Half were flakes anyways." 
  "Puleaze.  If you'd been able to walk up and ask those Sireuan girls out, the two would have convinced the third to go along with a stamina test, with you as the test equipment."
  That was one hell of a thought.  The closest I'd gotten to tail was a drunken makeout session three weeks into freshman year with one that devolved into nipple sucking and a handjob.  A blowjob was out of the question given how drunk she was, and a repeat performance hadn't happened because I was too drunk to get her number.  These weren't the kind of shorts to wear if you wanted to hide what was on your mind in certain situations.
  "Mmm-hmmm."  I got weighed and wanted out of the pan, but that would have drawn even more of her attention.  "Don't wear a shirt for all I care, but don't come crying to me for advice or sympathy if you get teeth marks somewhere sensitive."
  "I..."  She ambushed me a second time, her tail moving loosely again as her feet touched earth again with a toothy grin.
  "You're a horrible liar, Shawn.  That's why I love having you around.  Go take a shower but watch out for stalkers hiding."

  I started with a warm shower, then added cold water.  No matter how cold I made it, my heart worked overtime to send extra to both my brain and dick.  I cursed masculinity, stepped out of the shower ready to march in a parade's color guard, and thanked fate that sophomores could live off campus where mostly private bathrooms were a reality.  Closed doors are still a good idea if you're about to lie down in bed after to take care of issues, and definitely if your roommates have a perverse sense of humor.  I was alerted that my dick had hijacked an extra measure of blood by finding my phone in one hand with one of Priya's social media accounts pulled up, and said issues in the other.
  She didn't take as many photos of herself as some other girls, but there were enough.  One of the better ones of her in a group had her and a human friend holding up another kadisi girl, while a second mixed group did the same but with a human girl.  They were all clothed similarly, but Priya's cropped tee was so tight that her nipples dented the fabric and the tight shorts strained against the mass of her quads.  Her partner was only helping to support the girl's legs, the other two rather light compared to Priya.  I'd seen her plenty of times in the gym repping 115 overhead, which was more than almost any casual guy was going to do.  Another shot had all six girls turned away and looking back over their shoulders, hands on each others asses.  Priya had gotten a good square stance and was giving two lucky girls a overgenerous handful of glutes.  It didn't stop there.
  Another round of photos had been at the beach.  Her bikini was cut more like a sports bra and runners' panties than a string bikini.  No one could accuse Priya of looking stick thin, but even doing the holiday look she had a better pump than some of the regulars at the gym.  She didn't have to show off.  If they hadn't received the message long ago, then the unlucky were blind fools.  I'd never seen that much of her outside classes and the gym, so her freedom was novel.  Everything was either cut low, cut high, or tight enough to show the amount of work she'd done for her body.  Little black dresses at the club, tight yoga pants out on the town, even the bustier she'd worn to go with a badly themed group last Halloween, each showed the sculptor's skill.
  I scrolled through a few more, then decided to check through a few of the less reputable sites.  It didn't take long to hit gold.  How many Kadisi girls were there with her coloration and build?  Toss in location and it was lucky for her that she wasn't on the first damn page of the search.  I switched from a slow and languid stroke to a firm, longer stroke.  One of the links was a gallery from a guy with too much time left over for his free hand.  He had compiled well over a hundred pictures, the most clothed being her in a tiny bikini.  The first that I knew wouldn't have come from her public accounts was a backside selfie at a long mirror.  All she had on in that one were white cheeksters that had a cutout and narrow straps to accommodate her tail, and her off hand over her chest was more focused on feeling herself up than covering up.  I'd seen the smile she had at the gym a few times.  It was usually after a big lift at the end of a cycle.  Except this time it wasn't look at those numbers, but look at my numbers.
  If it had been any other day I would have already cum enough for two loads and felt disgusted at myself later.  The gallery hadn't finished, nor had I made it past first gear.  I thumbed to the next page and didn't need to pick up the pace to coax a huge glob of precum out of my cockhead.  There's gold, and then there's rarer metals.  This had to be a timered shot.  She laid back on the bed with her face hidden by the arch of her torso, legs and labia spread open for an unknown recipient.
  I kept going, hoping that some lucky asshole had blown a load over her and had proof.  That was a disappointment, but I had several new favorites if I ever needed to let off a bit of tension.  Flipping through them in turn, I stroked faster.  I imagined her on her knees in front of me, licking with just the tip of her tongue in anticipation of the facefucking she was about to get.  I could feel my hands at her head just behind her ears, careful not to touch them yet, guiding her ever closer and teasing her as she teased me.  That was followed by pinning her onto the bed and folding her near double like she'd been practicing for at the yoga session.  She might not have been a waif, but even at her size she'd be like a kettlebell in my hands.  I'd never asked what her weight class was since neither of us had gone to a local comp, but I pencilled her in at 62kg at most.  That wasn't bitch weight for a marathon swing session.  After piledriving her into the mattress and feeling hamstrings and calves spasm through multiple orgasms, I'd give her the thrill of hanging in and riding me from a standing position.  If we worked together at it we could turn it into cardio.  She'd keep up the flirting throughout, curving up the tip of her tail to tickle at my balls while riding my shaft.
  I nearly blacked out from the maxed-out intensity.  The first spurt flew over my head and splatted lously onto the vinyl covered headboard, as did the second with almost as much velocity.  The fifth was strong enough to reach my collarbone, and the eleventh my bellybutton.  My cock twitched for more than half a minute in my cramped hand after the last real spurt, dribbling like an old faucet onto my belly and running down between groin and nutsack.
  Fuck.  I was going to need another shower.

  I avoided her the day after that, and failed to avoid thinking about how she'd react to that much of a display.  The girls will complain all the time that they don't like to get hit on or get dick pics in their text messages or privately online, but what they really mean is the same as the guys.  No guy wants a ton of attention from a girl he's never going to be attracted to.  Luckily, no one is a one-dimensional cutout.  Well, maybe some of the more obnoxious fratbros are.  I wasn't going to cut off a girl because she wasn't my fantasy type.  If I did that I'd never get laid.  Having a decent body helps lube up social interaction long before you hit the bar or, in the case of sophomores like myself and Priya, the party.  I didn't have a grip on her type anyways.  She hung out with who she wanted and had the same cheerful indifference to personal space with everyone.  I resolved that the next time she grabbed onto me that I'd grab back.  I had a bigger hand than her friends, so I was going to get a much bigger handful of tawny colored Kadisi ass.
  Our schedules didn't match up the next day, but on Thursday morning she messaged me just before my second class.  I had been checking the status of a package I'd ordered after my Monday session when the alert slid down the screen.
  Want to catch lunch at The Archive after this class?
  She capped it with a winking smile, and I responded back after sitting midway down in the auditorium.
  Why not?  Bring an appetite.
  I disliked boring classes which only serve to filter out people that don't belong in that major.  The professors make them too hard and then don't test on what was in the lecture.  Organic Chemistry was hardly boring, but the first words out of old man Alberich at the semester's start had said it all.
  "I am the head of this department until I die from having to put up with you.  Until then, it is my duty to see that those of you that are premed or anything else that has this course as a prereq fail at a high rate.  If you cannot handle this material, a pile of shit is better suited to medical school than you."
  I took the man at his word, and eeked out an 86 on the first test two weeks in.  That was last week, and the next wasn't for another two.  The old projector warmed up and he droned about the basics of carbon chains, peppering it with asides on how even the most basic parts of organic chemistry showed up in our normal life. 
  By the time the one hundred minutes of the longer Thursday class were done, I wanted to stop thinking of basic sugars and hydrocarbon chains.  It makes eating lunch much less pleasant when you see yourself as a portable chemical factory rendering matter into fuels.
  The Archive lived across the street on the east side of campus.  It wasn't the main drag, but a collection of ragtag locally owned places had taken advantage of rock bottom properties values when the university was smaller.  Now they were a powerful block of business owners, all due to alumni wanting to preserve the places for the next round of students.  The food was good, affordable, and each place had more character than class.  In the case of The Archive, there wasn't an inch of wallspace free.  Framed newspaper articles of notable events, poster-sized prints of award-winning works from the art college, mementos and sports memorabilia.  All the girls wore a variety of schoolgirl skirts as a homage to what the first and later female students had to wear before the student code allow women to wear pants.  That was a far bygone era, and when you strip off the bad, you're left with the sepia of nostalgia.
  Priya had a pair of strappy sandals winding over and around that were a few shades darker than the color of her fur, a knee-length print wrap skirt in her favorite reds and oranges, and a tight cropped white tee with the phrase BIG KITTY in an animal print.  Her hair was loose today and unbraided, but she'd clipped a fresh flower into it.  I waited for her pounce as I walked up,  but she stood her ground with a raised eye and a still tawny tail.
  "What held you up?"
  "Old man Alberich.  A few of us had questions and he actually answered them.  He must like the people that can pass his torture tests."
  "Ugh.  Inside.  Food.  Grumpy girl needs calories."
  We walked in and took a free table, and had drinks within a minute.  "So what's yanking you?  Someone forget to get the message from your shirt this morning?"
  "I wish.  Meyer's been a real bitch, and ughhh..."  She took a long sip of tea through the straw.  "She doesn't go easy on anyone, not ever the siruean girls."
  "Want to bitch about professors, or something else?  Other girls, loud neighbors, parking spaces, creepy guys, whatever you want while we wait for food."
  "I would love to talk about happy things, but if you're offering I need to get some things off that are crushing my tits harder than a 225 bench."
  "Bring it on.  I'll spot you."
  Her hand waved back and forth in gestures as she talked.  "Jacquline is a flirty piece of, well, she's not trashy but it would be easier to hate her if she was.  You've seen her at the gym playing cardiobunny, about five seven and the glossiest gray coat you can get without a salon visit.  I'm glad it wasn't her in the group of your newfound siruean fans.  Let's see, neighbors.  There's a pair of wannabe bros in the building across from me.  Parking is always hell, even with assigned spots, and I shouldn't be that hard on you about the whole fanclub.  I did a quick cardio session last night and swore I just missed at least three pencil geeks filming me on their phones.  Like, what do they expect?  It would only make it worse if I confronted them."
  "Maybe they've never seen a big kitty."
  "Har har, really slick.  Next thing you'll joke about is that I should do my presses with them if all the bars are being used."
  "You have to admit it would be a funny role reversal if you cleaned them and gave it a little extra oomph at the top of each rep."  Priya gave me a flat look as I pushed my arms overhead and demonstrated.
  "Barbells don't dribble all over you unless someone used a whole bottle of oil to relube them.  I'd be OK if they want a picture with me.  Just ask.  It'd be awesome to be the inspiration that gets someone in the gym and in better shape.  That's a far nicer thought than realizing you're going to be some pervert's jerkoff fantasy that evening."
  I plastered the truth over with a too obvious joke.  "And here I was thinking you might have had a touch of the exhibitionist in you, especially after that one time you decided to deadlift right in front of me."
  "That was the only free platform!"
  "I wasn't complaining, and the only pictures of that are in my mind."
  She reached across to give me a playful smack.  "Delete them now!"
  "Fine.  All gone.  So sad."
  "I don't think you could handle me if I really sent you the good stuff."
  "And I don't think you could handle the consequences of sending me the good stuff.  Don't make bets your tail can't handle."
  "You'd be putty in my hands."
  "Wrong material, right that it would take both hands, and you forgot the cost of cleanup after."
  She laughed first, then I joined in.  Food came, and we stopped the volleyball game of flirting.  It was easy with her and we'd used each other as practice in the past.  That made my little session the other day even better.  Neither of us had taken the next step, but I couldn't see the possibility that she hadn't used me in the same way at least once.
  I pointed at her bowl of food as she snapped a couple pictures.  "Going vegetarian today?"  Beans and rice isn't my favorite, but places like The Archive had daily specials from the local farmer's markets.
  "I have to eat lighter once in a while or it'll all go to my hips."
  "You mean your quads and ass.  If you slap on another couple pounds of muscle, we can bounce quarters off your ass and pelt Danny from across the gym."
  "Maybe I should keep an eye out for where your phone is next time we're at the gym."  Another bite.  "And now I know you're an ass man."
  "I'm an all over man.  You're just returning the favor, and I can guess what you like looking at in a guy."
  The fork swung at eye-level in a slow arc to her sing-song chant.  "Per-vert."
  "Right.  You want to show off what's in your phone right now?  Priya's probably got a few favorites saved up."  Her shrinking down in the seat told me I was right.  "Damn girl, I'm not blaming you."
  She placed her phone on the table and unlocked it.  "The things I do because of men.  I'm still grumpy until I finish this food.  Don't expect anything much.  I keep the good stuff online only, and not on my phone's cloud."
  I picked it up and scrolled through.  A couple folders had post-workout shots checking her pump, zoomed in some.  I tapped to see what else she had open, and memorized the name at the top of one of the apps.  The rest looked to be smalltime and everyday stuff.  The last folder was misnamed, and two directories deep.  About fifty or so shots of certain guys tiled the screen.  One I didn't recognize, running shirtless with his darker orange and black coat on display.  Another matched her tawny color at his lightest, and blended to a rich golden brown over most of his body.  Two more guys, and none of them beefier than her.
  Then there was a few shots of me in the park the other day.  It must have been after the yoga finished but before I'd taken advantage of the ground's wonderful properties.  The sunlight caught on my bare, sweat-slick chest.  I had the kind of out-of-it look one gets after a marathon session of something.  A plan hatched in my mind.  I slid the phone back to her, and she shrunk further into the seat.
  "What do you know, here I was thinking you wanted to remind me to hydrate better."
  Her voice and posture didn't match her body.  "You said you weren't blaming me."
  "Of course not.  You got a bit jealous of the passing girls staring, took a few pics, and said to yourself it might be fun to needle Jackie or someone worse.  Later you took a second look, sorted them into your fantasy folder, or maybe this is your mine not yours folder.  Whichever, no harm done.  I'd be concerned if you had a series devoted to Danny and his mirror sessions."
  "That would be my nope folder."  She straightened up.  "Now I feel like a creep."
  "The difference between creep and not is consent.  So delete that from your mind.  You can't expect a person to be completely free of sexual thoughts.  As long as that's a two way road we can go back to teasing each other like normal."
  She leaned forward.  "Wait just a second.  You've, you know, done it thinking about me?"  There were a multitude of shades in her question.
  "If you have, then I have."
  "Was I good, or great?"  The wicked smile wormed onto her face.
  "Let's just say big kitty was cuddling and purring after, and I needed to rehydrate."
  "Men."
  "I'll bet yours wasn't any less tame."
  "Nope."  And she let that unsaid.
  "So, about the same result.  Good to know when friends are on the same page."
  She laughed and went back to her food.  "You're horrible and I should stop teasing you."
  "The alternative is an option."
  "Did you sneak any pictures of me I should know about?"
  "Saw one online, and was surprised it was you.  It was the shot of you looking over your shoulder."  I described the group shot and got her giggling.  "You can't blame a guy for wanting to substitute in on that."
  Her eyes rolled.  "Ass.  Man.  Well, I'm not ready to leap in your arms for a benefits thing."
  "I'm going to need to hit the health center after this for depression counseling."
  "Go ahead and be dramatic.  Before we spilled our guts for each other, I wanted a pleasant lunch and to ask you something."
  "Shoot."
  "The rest of the girls are going to flake on me tomorrow night.  If you're up for it, we could do the dinner and a movie thing.  I don't want to sit at home alone on a Friday night.  Just friends.  I'm still not sure how I feel about seeing you as anything other than that."
  "I'm up for that, but in the casual, PG rated way."
  "Keep doing that, and I'll have to break you.  I'm not all innocent."
  "The feeling's mutual.  Whatever happens, we'll have fun."
  We left it at that and went back to small talk.  She perked back up to her regular self and blabbed about a dozen things at once.
  After we'd paid and hit the street again, I got the bad news.
  "See you at yoga later this afternoon!"  The food had delivered cheerful Priya, but left my memory on another truck.
  "Shit.  I've got my bag in the car at least.  Yeah, see you there."
  The session felt easier than the Monday one, but I still got an eyeroll from her when I went shirtless the whole time due to the lack of clouds and the heat.  I'd packed better shorts, which was good since I ended up getting plenty of views of her in matching striped shorts and halter top.  I noticed more of a crowd, including a tall gray taking a few pictures.  A rainshower loomed about an hour away, so the heat died off as we finished.  It was just enough to make pleasant conversation after less of a chore, but most of us either had late classes or other things to get to.  I had a delivery that should be waiting for me on the doorstep.

  The box weighed about than forty pounds and had no markings except for the two shipping labels.  No one else was home yet, so now was the perfect time.
  I let it bounce onto the matress, and once unboxed I grinned at the prize.  A tawny-coated kadisi woman posed nude on the box front, back to the camera but turned enough to show her in partial profile with her tail hiked and inviting.  The inside was even better.  The toy felt soft but firm, almost a match for Priya's color.  It came with directions, and I read carefully.  Never wash the artificial fur with anything but water and a mild shampoo.  Always air dry.  Allow ten to fifteen minutes for the built in heater bullets to warm the silicone up.  Do not yank on the tail, and do not bend tail suddenly or sharply.  Do not store the toy with tail coiled too tightly.
  The color of the exposed and firm silicone was a slightly darker tawny yellow-brown that became darker at the holes.  It was close enough.
  I plugged the power adapter to the wall, then the toy after shifting it to the edge of my bed.  I stripped quick and rolled through the history of my phone's browser, then the best that I'd saved.  After that I punched up one of the two usernames I'd seen on Priya's phone.  She had more than a few fans.
  If I hadn't looked I never would have guessed this about her.  She might not have been a top-tier porn model, but I'd considered her too shy to do this.  There'd never been a rhyme or reason for her extroverted outbursts, and I'd never seen her pick a guy out of the crowd.  It's not like everyone escapes highschool with their sexuality fully formed, so maybe this was her way of doing it and making some pocket change in the process.
  The main username connected across a few apps and only sold tease shots and a rather tame femdom fantasy.  That alone made her just another drop in the ocean.  As long as she didn't fly too high, no one would ever guess this was her.  The first sample clip I pulled up had her talking in a much lower tone than normal, demanding and bitchy.  This wasn't the person that lit up a room and basked in the energy, a lack of concern for others filled her voice.  Muscles flexed to show who was in control.  Laughter taunted anyone unprepared for her.
  I switched to one of the social media apps, and looked through her recent history starting at the beginning of this week and moving up.  There was the daily tame reminder of what was available, and a few shots of food or activities.  Her vegetarian dish glistened, freshly served.  An hour later, she'd taken a mirror shot in a bathroom.  Her face was cut off just above the throat, but the tshirt had been pulled up carefully so its message was still readable.  An arm crossed over her breasts and bra, leaving her flat stomach exposed.
  Had lunch with a guy friend that thinks he can tame the big kitty.  If you're as mistaken as him, buy something and get put in your place.
  The second account wasn't public, but it only took a few minutes to find some of it shared.  A few were duplicated from the previous stash I'd found, but this was newer.
  She didn't have to hide her face here, but each shot was carefully composed as if that was still a good idea.  Soft and short fur faded to strands of down, then wet moistened flesh.  No woman had ever been bitchy with me once I'd given them a good fucking.  The toy had become warm flesh under my hand, so I lubed it and myself and thrust myself into the fantasy.
  
  Dinner had been marred by a server that gave me more attention than Priya.  If the food had been acceptable, that would have been easier to ignore.  I could have done better and she wouldn't have had her ears back so far.  She stalked through the parking lot, arms crossed under and pushing up her pecs and breasts.  Her warm-colored halter top showed off the work she'd put into her back, leading eyes down the fur over her shoulders to the comparatively narrower waist.  The skirt was new, loose enough to give a feminine flair but tight enough to flaunt the heart of her backside.
  "There's no reason for her to get away with that.  Don't think I won't leave a bad review later.  Seriously, she popped another button open just to show off her tits and how fat of cow she is.  Then she had the nerve to keep brushing against you."
  "You're not wrong, but that place is the definition of hole in the wall.  Someone's first day on the job there must be agility training so they can make it from kitchen to table safely."
  "Then they need to take out a table or two.  Come over here."  She grabbed at me and brushed off my shoulders even though nothing was there.  "I don't want any of her on you.  Mine."
  Her glower deepened when she didn't find stray fur on me, so she got more aggressive in her ministry.  I ran my hand up a cheek and caressed an ear only to have my hand batted away.  The second time, she couldn't slap my hand because I'd pulled her close and pinned her arms.
  "You'd share me if I told you that was what you were going to do, and you'd enjoy watching me tame and collar the busty little puppy.  Once you let me in on how you are, I've been wondering when you were going to offer to tagteam some unfortunate slut.  We could change plans tonight.  How about one of the clubs instead of yet another movie.  You can pick who we fuck tonight.  A long siruean tongue bath on that hot little pussy would go lovely with the slut getting stuffed deep from the other end."
  "I shouldn't have said anything that first day of yoga.  They seem to have a thing for you and you seem to have a habit of reminding me."
  "One of these days you'll get over that jealous streak that runs down your tail.  Keep in mind you're not doing anything you don't want to do."
  Finding out what bridged the gap between her public self and the private had been challenging.  After a couple evenings of reading I'd come to the conclusion that in one corner of her mind she was still a shy and tiny kitten, one of the smallest in her class, and that athletics had become the tooth she'd used to crack out of her shell.  No matter how dominant or sure of herself with others a part remained that hadn't caught up.  That little voice never stopped nagging.  It hadn't been a hard thing to guess at since I had a voice like it.  Mine was chained in the corner and its frenetic ravings were the alarm that I was close to danger.  I didn't need it anymore to check every little decision I wanted to make.  Submissiveness and dominance weren't two things but one ouroboros.  The voices, privately in one's head or from another person, could suggest or demand.  How a person accepted that was multifaceted, depending on place and time.  The only perfectly constant person was a paper doll with neat cut lines instead of scribbled pencil marks.  Submissives used others just as harshly as a dominant.  
  She was overdressed for the club, and I stayed far enough off that a couple guys bought her drinks.  They might have carded at the door, but the bartenders were busy and let a few slip past.  It ended up being a sausagefest, with Priya the most stunning and exotic on the sparse menu.  I allowed her the entertainment of rejecting a string of guys.  One kadisi kept trying, elbowing back to her for a fourth attempt.  One of these days I'd take her out with her wearing the narrow collar and bell, its miniature tinkling and attached tag informing the reader who the wearer belonged to.  That had been a spur of the moment purchase when we were out one afternoon, and she'd curled up in embarrassment even tighter when the salesperson presented the shiny steel tag freshly stamped with her name inside a flourish on one side and my name and number on the other.  We'd barely made it home and through the door before she put it on herself and begged to be used.

  The club raised her spirits, and we left and walked down the street to another.  She was more herself there, with room to dance and tease me.  A mix of recent songs pumped as she ground back against me, with the song capped by me spinning her around to land a meaty smack on her ass.
  She laughed into my ear.  "Ass.  Man."
  "If you can't control your teasing, expect to be reminded when big kitty wants to play."  I booped her on the nosetip.
  Stretching up on her toes, she licked up my throat and chin.  "You like it when kitty wants to play."  She stayed there, and spun back around when the song changed again, this time a nastier remix with an insistent beat that raced like panic.
  "The beat flows and light shines"
  "There’s nowhere to hide"
  "I’m hunted you’re closing"
  "Make me your game tonight"
  "Just your eyes looking for the prey"
  "It’s just a matter of time til"
  "You catch me, capture, in your snare"
  "And I say"
  "Take me"
  I spun my prize around and used both hands this time in succession, then told her it was time for dessert.  Part of that dessert was having her walk in front of me back to the car.  She took a series of selfies on the ride back, smiling back at the image on the screen.
  "And what are you saying to all those eager followers now?  Is this for the guys or the girls?"
  "The girls, and they've been making all the suggestions since our last date."
  "That means I'm in trouble, unless you get yourself tangled up with your own tail."
  "Tangle with the tail, get scratched by the nail."  I parked and she got out, forcing me to follow.
  After the door smacked shut in the jamb too loudly, we traded roles of hunter and hunted fluidly with each movement.  Familiar with her own body, and aware of what she wanted, I granted her a favorite fantasy: the power to be rule herself and be overcome by a man strong enough to hold the dichotomy unaided.  The snaps and zip of the skirt opened, the top floated off, and I had what I wanted.  She was down to a pair of lacy cheeksters.
  We'd decided after the first time that neither of us could be wholly dominant of the other.  I couldn't fake being the weaker of us, and she wanted to be driven to surrender when the mood came.  When it didn't, I had to battle her down.  This was going to be one of those nights.
  After pushing her back on the bed I straddled her.  Even if a woman as strong as Priya could hip thrust a few hundred pounds, a barbell doesn't fight back and pin your arms.  I dangled in front of her and waited as my scent filled her nose and brain.  When it was enough, her tongue swayed along the underside of my testicles, touching further back on her tongue each time until I was feeling the rougher texture.  She kept each lick light until I was ready for her mouth.
  Even though there'd been a large serving of giggling and laughing, the most effective ways for her to service me had taken a few sessions to emerge.  Instead of accidental teeth or overexuberant nips, I knew the differences that made her mouth more arousing than a human girl.  She could take more of me without having to maneuver into a position suitable for deepthroating.  The textures of her mouth and tongue made other girls seem vanilla.  And then there was the other undeniable fact besides her Kadisian heritage - the girl was physical enough to attempt what others could only fantasize about.
  I reached down to stroke her ear, which was rewarded with a soft rumble.  The palate of her mouth vibrated against my cockhead.  A hand on my thigh helped to pace me as I stroked in and out, suction and vibration working in an accelerating concerto.
  "That's it, kitty.  Give your owner a tongue bath.  What a nasty little slut."  I pinched the tender flesh of her ear, eliciting a gasp around me, then switched sides to massage the other ear.  "Imagine how many of those naughty boys are stroking their dicks right now, wondering what it would feel like to be in my place.  Maybe you should give them the chance at just one picture, your tawny face covered by a huge load.  I know what would be perfect.  One tiny strand, just so, dribbling off your outstretched tongue.  Several thick ropes of white over your nose and cheeks, your eyes still foggy because you'd been fingering yourself the whole time.  I'd shoot it with you looking up at me, and me an inch out of frame, so each lucky guy could imagine that load of a lifetime was his.  Does the thought of that get you wet, slut?  A bunch of thumb-thick knotbrains, itty-bitty barbies, and baby shrimpdicks all jerking off to you.  They want you but can never have you, just a dream of light and then it's gone."
  I pulled out of her mouth.  "I'm already wet for you.  Use me hard tonight."  She gave one last lickalong the underside and smiled.
  What she wanted was one of her favorites.  It might have been a showoff position, but I could fuck her deep when she pulled her legs back.  The creamy white of her washboard belly twitched and spasmed after I moved between her legs and began the agony of warming her up.  Three long strokes against her labia, then a soft smack of my cockhead on them, then a couple passes teasing up and down her slit with the head.  The next cycle I varied the numbers and speed.  Neither of us was in position to play with her feet.  That would be for later, but they clenched air already.  Almost time, so one more pass.
  This time, as I rubbed the head on her slick vulva, I applied a feather's worth of pressure and she parted.  Her soft rumbles became louder, an exotic bonus that paid out more the deeper she gripped at my cock.  I angled her by putting my weight partly on her, my hands on her calves, pushing her up and back to the place she'd lose her mind.  Slow pulling out, rougher when I thrust back in.  Multiple notes shook the bed.  I knew the pace she wanted.  Her throat stretched, and we joined in a duet of growls as I filled her trembling body.

  I opened my eyes.  A white foam of lube and precum ringed my shaft almost to the base.  The toy gaped for several seconds after I pulled out, shiny as it relaxed after the assault.  It was good, but reality would have been better.  I carried it to the bathroom, bathed it, and patted it dry once it was back resting on my bed.  After covering it with a thin sheet, I went to clean myself up.

  "So what's the news, Shawn?  Who's the latest victim of your lady-slaying spear?"
  I gave Davis a glance that should have gotten the message across.  Him and Marcus could only expect so much even when they bought beer for the poker night.
  Another chip clinked into the pile at the table's center.  "And raise."  This was supposed to be a low-stakes and friendly night, so I should have been ready for an examination.
  "Someone's trying to pay for tomorrow night.  Fold."  Marcus gathered his cards, the most recent a match to Greg's eights, facedown and sat back.
  Greg, Daniel, and Chris laughed in varying amounts.  Two down, three up.  I only had two opponents left.  Poker is an easy game once you know the math, and even easier for some variations.  There's a reason why 7-card stud and Texas are popular to shoot the shit over.  They offer ample chances to bet and a higher chance that you can make a hand with two pairs or better.  I'd gotten lucky this hand, and had Lady Luck choking on my cock under the table.  She'd also smacked me in the nuts a few times, but it made for a entertaining night.  Five and nine in the hole, and another of each plus a two sat face up.  I was certain that Greg's pair of eights was all he had since he rarely bluffed.  Davis wouldn't fold just yet.  He was showing a pair of sevens, so the jack had to have a buddy hiding.  Each called, and the next card slid my way.  Five.  Greg scored a queen, Davis snagged a six.
  "Alright assholes, let's stop the sandbagging.  10.  Who's got hair on their balls?"  Yeah, D-bag had another jack, or I was fucked if he had a seven.
  "I have to shave 'em or the bitch wouldn't lick 'em.  Also, these cards are shit tonight.  Next time, buy beer that has alcohol in it.  Fold."
  "What's it going to be?  You and me.  Side bet: I win and you gotta tell us who she is."
  "Why?  You'd have as much luck with her as Danny.  Call."
  "OK, Olympia.  Here it comes.  Prepare to tell us all about how she's not even going to give your poor ass a handjob in the Mickie's parking lot."
  Last down.  Five.  One by one he let each chip tink on the previous.  Fifty.  I had enough to cover, and I guessed.  He couldn't have pulled a third jack because Chris and Marcus had the others.  The six was worthless.  If he'd had the last seven he would have bet lower and suckered me in.  Whatever his was in the hole with the jack was a pair with his last card, and better than sevens.  It couldn't be nines, Chris had one of them.  Nor could it be queens since Daniel had folded with that as his high card.  So either aces or tens.
  "I'll call that fifty.  Thanks for dinner."
  He grinned for a second, letting me think he'd raise, then flipped them over one by one.  Ten.  Jack.  And another ten.  I'd been right.
  "Pair of jacks and tens."
  I turned over the first two cards with a sigh, and paused on the third.  Davis looked at the pot.
  "Nothing to be ashamed of if your pairs can't match mine."  He knew I'd been staking everything on that last card.
  "Fives and nines.  Full house.  Another hand?"  I swept the pot to me.
  "You should have been paying more attention to him than talking."  Marcus shuffled the deck again and dealt out, with Davis and Greg checking.
  I didn't have shit yet, but two and ten in the hole and an ace up isn't a deadend.  "I'll double on you.  You beat me this hand, I'll send you a pic of her giving me a tongue bath."  I forced myself not to wince by clenching the toes on my left foot.
  "Damn, someone picked up a kitten?  That's a first for you."  I clenched again as Chris picked up my flub.
  The chip joined the pot.  "This is between me and Davis.  Five.  Who's playing?"
  Everyone called to get a share of my blood, and Davis got the early luck by showing a pair of eights.  The next cards weren't so kind.  Marcus got a second ace, Davis and Greg got kings, and I ended up with a lone queen.
  "You're not looking too hot there, Shawn."  Davis rolled a chip over his knuckles.  "Besides, there's not that many possibilities.  All it's going to take is one time where you forget to roll the fur off your shirt and we'll know who it is."
  I pegged him with a crumpled napkin to the forehead.  We all waited for Marcus to decide what the bet was this card, and he grinned about dropping two tens in the pot.
  "The problem here is that you're jealous because he makes the time to hit the gym."
  "Jogging is quicker.  Lace up, hit the sidewalk."  Davis called.  "Not every girl out there wants to have to stretch a salad out while Shawn takes the scenic route through the buffet."
  "I don't know.  The guy's got some shoulders on him.  Everyone remember Patricia?"  A circle of nods went around instead of bets.  "You should have seen the way she crushed on Shawn over the summer.  Fuck, no matter how I ate the girl she couldn't help but feel him up anytime he was around."
  I called as well.  "You should be taunting him with Laura."
  Daniel folded.  "That's why he wants to bust your balls tonight.  He's still sore that you made her sore.  That's what you get for being a sloppy drunk.  Someone else drives her home and parks in the garage."  It was true, but Daniel had practically dropped her in my lap after waving the bouncer away.
  "I'm folding too.  Who gives a shit anyways?  By the time we graduate, each of us is going to have a well notched belt.  I wouldn't mind a kitten, but it's like Baskin-Robbins.  Go with the flavor of the days and don't get the same thing twice in a row.  Live a little."  Chris got up.  "Who wants another round?"
  Davis got a seven and acted like a man with a full house.  Greg got a second five and ran a nail along a chip's edge.  He looked at my card as it floated over the table, so I guessed he had a second pair out of something in the hole.  I'd been bluffing early all night and making my hand on the last card or two.  I watched Davis finger his chips with the kind of soft touch he should remember on a first date.
  Chris dropped beer off and surveyed.  "So who here has managed to some tail besides me?  It's a lot easier than me getting a fucking pair of cards tonight."
  Marcus took a pull.  "I almost got a kitten when we hit the beach for spring break.  I've been wanting to compare that with a puppy."
  Fifty clinked into the pot again out of Davis' hand.  "Which one was it?  The gray or the brinnie?"
  He got an elbow from Marcus.  "They have names, you know.  Danielle, one of Jackie's friends."  It was easier to laugh with the beer and that Danielle was a warm cinnamon.
  Then Greg and Daniel argued over which was the better piece of tail, despite only having half the information.  Chris refereed and made them look foolish.  Greg called, and so did I.
  The last card slid over, facedown.  The three of us grinned, and no one was hiding they'd just managed a pair.  The bets kept going, and the duo of Daniel and Chris offered up all kinds of advice on my first kadisi girl, which irritated Greg and Davis when it interfered with the pace of betting.  I lost count after it passed five hundred.
  Chris went back over the list of girls, seeing if any of them got a tell out of me.  "Abby?  Annalise or Catie?  Fiona or Hailey?  Not Lita or Josie, they both got serious boyfriends.  Maybe it's Mina, or Ophelia.  Renee's a sucker for human guys."  I paid attention to the cards instead of the fact that he'd skipped, or forgotten, Priya.
  I turned over first.  "Aces and queens.  Someone got three to beat this?"
  Greg scraped his chair back.  "I'm done.  We've paid for his books this semester, and his kitten.  I'm not paying his rent as well."
  Everyone else cleared out.  I stayed behind to help Chris clean up, waiting until we were nearly done to ask.  He leaned back against the counter and waited for for me show cards.
  "You missed who it is, and it's not what anyone thinks, at least not let."
  "Damn.  I promise I'll keep Davie out of the loop."
  "Priya.  It's just a movie, but she's a hang with the group girl, not a one on one.  I don't know where it's going and I don't care.  Burt if you've got advice on how not to fuck this up too badly, I'll take it."
  "The girl's ninety percent of the way to being a dyke.  All we need to do is have her buy a motorcycle and cut all the flower hippie shit."
  "So is she a lesbian or not?"
  "Fuck if I know, man.  I haven't had her riding my dick.  As far as I know, no one I know has nailed her.  So don't quote me, but the girl's got a few issues.  Most of 'em boil down to who she wants to be with.  She's not one of those super social warrior puppies, and she's not one of those super nose in the air Asian types.  So I guess all I can hand you is a boxful of `I don't know` with a side of fries.  Good luck, don't let her pin you, hope you read up on how to do ear and toe massage in addition to remembering where her clit is."
  "That's about as helpful as asking Danny anything harder than what he wants from Taco Bell."
  "The man's about as hard as a load of fresh cut stone but dumber than the chips from it.  Just stroke her tail right and you'll be fine."

  I showered on Friday as the sun got lower and found a pair of pants that looked better than my usual fare.  My phone beeped once.  After setting the iron down I thumbed it to see Priya's tease with a wink.
  "This isn't the really good stuff, but it should be enough to make sure you show up."
  It wasn't the exact same picture as the white cheeksters.  These were black, and this time she'd perched on the counter of the bathroom sink.  She'd been polite enough to keep her arm low enough that I had to zoom in to check if she'd let a nipple escape.  A halter top sundress that would leave her back exposed sat to her side.  The swirls shifted from yellows to browns, with hints of blue and green flecked in.  And she had the familiar smile.
  I had to shoot back.  "The guys asked about you last night at poker, but they kept guessing other girls instead."
  "Get better advice.  Your poker buddies couldn't even get Jackie to spread."
  "Touche."  She picked a movie and a place, and I picked the times.
  At seven sharp I got out of my car and opened the restaurant door for Priya.  She'd gone with the hair up look and sandals that matched her color.  The early autumn evening heat was bad enough that I almost reminded her how lucky she was to be wearing a dress light enough for her nipples to poke through, instead of my slacks and short-sleeved shirt.  Then I reconsidered and applied the Mona Lisa rule.
  "At least you've outscored my last three dates combined.  Maybe I shouldn't be so hard on you."
  "Wait a second.  You found someone worse than Davis or Danny?  I'm lucky I only had one of them salivating over the mystery woman."
  "The only way either of them could be bigger creeps is if they were bi."
  "I'd have to disappoint them on top of what I did last night.  Girls get the dick, guys get dicked over when they can't count cards."
  "You do know that some guys like the whole financial domination fantasy?"
  "And how do you know that?"  Never ask a question that you can't survive yourself.
  "Uhh, hello, fit girl.  Didn't I just tell you the other day about the creepshots?"
  "Here I was thinking you were paying for your books the same way I am, aka draining the wallets of those with less self control."
  She gave me the naughty boy look, I shrugged, and we got seated.  Porcaro's had the best casual food in town outside the few blocks that included The Archive, was a measure fancier, and cost double.  It was worth it.  The older crowd would head to the chains or the places a couple could share an eighty dollar bottle of wine.  Us students, riding the waves between broke and a fortune of a couple hundred dollars called spots like Porcaro's the fancy ones.  Despite that, half the tables were larger parties of friends.  In another hour the committed couples would filter in, so we didn't stand out as more than a pair of buds that changed out of the jeans and team jersey classroom attire.
  An appetizer plate of fried peppers and popcorn chicken separated us as I regaled her with the details of the poker game.
  "You have got to be kidding me.  Marcus and Danielle?  He's not that bad, but I thought he'd never be her type.  I wouldn't touch him, but I guess enough will make any guy cute."
  "Ouch.  Please remember this isn't ladies' night."
  "Phbbt."
  "Marcus and I are close to the same build, if I was thirty pounds lighter."
  "That, and the fact that I've never heard you call Danielle, myself, or any of the other girls kitten, does a world of good.  Like I said, he's not that bad, but he's the kind to stare a bit to long at a girl's ears, or her feet if she's barefoot or in sandals."
  "Point taken.  Don't be too hard on us.  If you show it off, guys aren't going to run away.  Forgive me, but the more a girl teases or sluts it up, the more of us are going to look.  The worst you do is look great in athletic casual and go barefoot more than average."
  She rolled her eyes.  "Just perfect.  I pick sandals that match my new favorite dress, and I find out you've got a latent foot fetish."
  "Phbbt.  Don't go all convenient opinion girl on me.  Either I'm an ass man or I have a foot fetish."
  "We are so not going there.  If we did, I'd do nothing but laugh from articles that misinformed you because they got siruean and kadisi confused."
  "And I'd get a hell of a laugh out of all the misinformation you've swallowed."
  "Most guys don't taste good enough to swallow."  She realized her slip as soon as it passed her lips, and I turned the platter so the remainder of the chicken faced her.  "Ughhh.  Me and my big mouth..."
  "The sign of friends is that we can laugh about each other's bad oral sex stories."
  "And choose not to, or make cheap shot dick jokes."
  "I've never had a girl call what I shoot cheap."
  "I deserved that.  I surrender.  Can we talk about anything else?  It's obvious I've got the wrong things on my mind tonight."
  "If you promise to not hold it against me, or that I think you're cuter when you get flustered.  I mean, cuter in that good friends that can make bad sex jokes just because kind of way."
  She stared for a harsh minute, and laughed.  "This is better than my last date by a mile.  He went through half the worst comments possible when I dripped some sauce on my dress."
  "And now this is a date?"  She kicked hard under the table, but I no-selled it.
  "It's not that high of a bar.  I can be an idiot at times, and even Jackie thought he was a bit of a perv.  Can we please stop, unless you want to flip the being the embarrassee?"
  I did, and ran through the story of the girl that tried to deep-throat me and ended up puking all over me, and in my bed to boot.  Then I made it a double feature with the story of the girl that decided shower sex was sexy, and sent us to the urgent care center with enough bruises for a title card fight.  By the time I finished up the second, she'd had enough laughs to forget her slips and we were ready for dessert.
  A redheaded waitress spieled through the freshmade specials, stopped by Priya at the magic word.  "Ooh, chocolate mint pie.  Can we share?"
  I shook my head.  "Is that a wise idea?"
  "Can't handle a strong woman that demands a friendly cuddle?"
  "Let me repeat, is that a wise idea?"
  "Get it.  I've got a favor to ask."  The waitress smiled and left.
  "Right.  What are you about to have me running around for?"
  "Nothing bad.  Jackie's old roommate, Sia, is going to move back in.  I was hoping to borrow you."  The pie arrived, two generous slices.
  "After all the hairs you've plucked out of each other's tails, you're doing something to help Jackie?"
  "More like a favor I owe Sia, and there's not much more fun I can have than to waft you in front of Jackie's nose.  I might even rub all over you before we get there, completely platonic mind you, just to get her hackles up."  What wafted up her nose was the heavy mint aroma as she fanned it up to her between bites.
  "While I'm all for the completely platonic bodyrub, isn't that taking things a bit too far with the grooming jealousy?"
  "Taking it too far would be having you cozy up to her so you can fuck her so deep she has a sore cervix for the next week."
  I wouldn't have minded that, but there were too many things that could go wrong.  "Don't tell me this is a revenge thing."  On the other hand... 
  "More like a you asked for it, you got it.  She's had her eyes on you."
  "So what do you really want?  Two part favor?  Help kind-of-friend move, and then fuck her roommate senseless?"
  "That's about it."
  "There's something more to this that you aren't telling me.  And what if Jackie and I get along great?"
  "Well, if you get a few good sessions out of her, you own me a favor later.  She's got an annoying anti-human thing going that's so inconsistent."  Priya's grin went from wide to Cheshire Cat.  "You're perfect for it.  Like I said she's been looking too long at you, I trust you, and you've got enough, well, you know, to have her begging for more."
  "And just how do you know that last part?"
  "Umm, girl talk, you bobohead."
  "Who spilled the hotdogs?"
  "Lizzie.  No one thought I could no-sell seeing that, but I'm happy where I am."
  "Right.  I'll leave that one on the other side of the table, with Ms. Mint Chocolate Pie, extra mint."
  "Men.  You admitted you did the same as me."
  "We didn't compare numbers, and I'm not asking you to go cause Greg's nuts to french kiss his own tonsils.  And next time, no mint for you."
  She giggled, and didn't stop after we'd gotten back in my car.

  We got the pie anyways, and Priya ate most of it, plus all the mint garnish.  Her smile was gentle and silly the whole ride to the theater, so her good mood only fell to neutral as Jackie stopped in front of us as we sat waiting.
  "Now if this isn't a sight and smell.  You should know better, Shawn, than to give a girl mint."  Her torn dark jeans clung tighter than the red corset-like top, almost black hair waving down to it.
  "I believe if you had been there, you'd have heard me warn her."  Priya leaned against me, hands clasping my left arm.
  "They must have used real mint instead of flavoring.  We bought tickets earlier, so I'd rather they don't go to waste."  Priya made soft purr-like noises that made a couple others stare at her.
  "In that case, do the movie if you want, but wait for me and let me drive her home.  She's got enough in her that the restaurant should have given you a smaller portion."
  Two hours later, Priya was more sensible but marching to the border of naptime.  I left her on a bench and kept an eye on her as Jackie pulled me away.
  "I'd hate to see your night end like this.  I could sub in if you want.  My date went worse than yours."
  "What makes you think I'd want that?"
  "Besides you staring at me and smelling interested?  I'll keep it confidential if you want."
  "If you're interested, let's do it.  You might not be prepared."
  Hell, the night and my own traitor mind had me halfway there.  I'd be jumping the gun, but I'd have to hope that Priya remembered practically giving me permission.  If not, this would be a one-time thing.  I gave Jackie my address, and left Priya with her, but only after letting Priya know the first half of the plan.
  An hour later I had a knock at my place.  Both my roommates were out for the weekend, so there'd be no awkward breakfast moments with her stealing my clothes.  We set a new record for discarding clothing on the way to the bedroom.
  I went right to work, picking Jackie up and lifting her so she had to sit in my arms with legs dangling down my back.  After bracing herself against the ceiling, I had plenty of space to eat her out at leisure, and smack her gray ass everytime she forgot to stay balanced.  She gave in first, cumming hard enough to tremble and grab onto my head and hair.  I let her down and onto the bed, then joined her, gently stroking over her body.
  "Remind me to patch things up with Priya.  She might not get a shot at you now.  That was too good."
  "We've barely started."
  "Mmmm.  So what's next, me trying to see how many licks it takes to get what I want?"  A short laugh, and then she posed alongside my half-hard dick.
  "Sounds like a plan."  I stroked her hair as she kissed lower and lower.  "Any kind of preferred dirty talk you want?"
  She looked up, and paused from tracing circles around the base of my cock.  "Definitely.  The meaner and filthier, the better."
  "So the little slut puppy wants something?"
  There was no laughter this time.  "That's more like it."
  "You better show me what I've been missing.  This may be the only chance you get."
  "She doesn't like me that much.  What's the deal?"  Her tongue swirled higher until it reached my cockhead, then back down.  "You're on the menu for her, and I can tell that she's talked about me."
  "If you keep sucking dick like a well-trained puppy, I'll tell you.  Priya's called you all kinds of things.  Mostly that you're a flirt that wants to get dicked down by me, but wouldn't touch most of my friends."
  "They don't have something this nice."  Her head bobbed down, and I had to groan deeply and curse.  "All girls love it when a man appreciates our talents."
  "You're not going to have words when I stretch you out."
  "I hope not.  Now, is Priya going to be OK with you doing that to me?"
  "She's been pointing out other girls to me since the beginning.  Her latest tactic is all the siruean gals."
  "Your tactic needs to be eating me out so I can take that cock.  Let's sixty-nine.  I don't want to stop showing you why I kept getting caught sucking dick my senior year of highschool."
  It was lucky I had Priya on the brain.  It gave Jackie a challenge, and made it easier to get my cock inside.  Once there, I resolved that this needed to be more than a one-time thing.  She had one hell of a grip on my cock, felt warmer wrapped around my dick than I was used to, and made plenty of the right sounds.  Wet noises and the creaking bedsprings were far preferable to complaints about size or that I hadn't used enough lube.  It takes at least two to fuck properly, and you can't lay the blame entirely on the guy unless the girl is dead.
  I thrusted deeper each stroke, and her words stripped down to single syllables.  She reached up to grab at me, her legs at my back pulling me deeper.  My cock bottomed out too roughly, and midway up the planned caress turned to a slap.  I pulled out enough to short-stroke her, then worked back in.  As I touched bottom, this time more gently, I twisted with my hips.  The combination of her being stretched beyond what a siruean could and the movement I'd added didn't require third-hand advice from poker buddies.  I pulled back out, slapped her across the cheek, and drilled back inside her.  I needed to get Priya out of my thoughts, so I laid out the fantasy for Jackie as I laid her.
  "That was a good idea.  Priya would never be up for a good slap.  She's the cuddling type, but what a guy needs sometimes is a cumdumpster.  Does that get you wet, hmm?  She's sleeping it off and having mint dreams about the cock that's fucking you.  You're nothing but a nasty tease that's paying the price.  You like paying this price?  Tell me why you like it."
  "Stretching me out."
  "Damned right it is.  And it's going to happen again.  You're my little puppy now."
  "Ohhhh..."
  "You can even sleep on the bed with me tonight."
  "Yessss..."
  I reached the waystation between wanting and needing to cum, so I pulled free for a rest, stroking my slicked cock.  "Show me how you want to be fucked.  How does my slut want it tonight?"
  Jackie rolled over, then lifted herself to hands and knees.  She arched her ass and tail up, and reached underneath to spread herself open.
  "Please fuck me.  I want your cock in me so much."
  She wiggled back and forth.  Her fur contrasted with the flesh it surrounded, glossy and blood-suffused to a brownish-purple.  I grabbed up near her waist, positioned, and sunk back in.  After a few strokes to let her feel safe, I spanked her gray ass hard.
  The sharp yelp was the same as any other woman.  "Is that what you like, Jackie?  You're a naughty girl that got spanked too much as a kid, and that's why you show off your ass to all the guys?  Go ahead and say you want it again."
  "Spank me hard.  Fuck me hard.  Make me pay for teasing you."
  It's a relief when you discover that the girl you're in the middle of fucking is on script.  Jackie happened to be right up the alley of normal girl with a side of unashamed slut.  I ticked off the boxes, alternating sides with each smack and box.  Crazy about sucking cock, enjoyed talking dirty, needed to be slapped on occasion, begged to be spanked.  The rest of the list required further investigation.  I started with available and easy.
  Reaching over her, I twined fingers into her dark hair and wound it around.  "You're just another piece of ass.  The only difference is what color you are, how tall you are, and how you beg once I start fucking you."
  "Is that all I am?  A wet hole for you?"
  "Tail or not, you'd better take advantage while you can."  I yanked back, lifting her up and us back on our knees.  "And you like it.  You can be smart, funny, artistic, sensitive, but once your clothes are on the floor you're just another horny girl."
  We read through the variations on the script.  I was no more special than her.  Focused on my own fitness, as obsessed about my cock as the next guy, and with enough charm to make what looks I had go a long way to making sure I never lacked a girl to fuck.  But there's always a catch.  I'd hated girls like Jackie from the first time I'd seen where they led to.  What I wanted was easy and comfortable, not the headgames that branched to either an argument or a cornucopia of the most common fetishes and likes.  Still, unless you want to be lonely or a loner, you have to pick from what's available out there, and not lose yourself in the game.  Eyes on the cards, bet where you need and can, but don't act as if the cards owe you a better hand.
  She whined, and her ears wobbled between folded back and loosely down.  "I can feel it, Jackie.  You want to cum.  That's what it's there for.  Cum on my dick and show me how naughty you are."
  I kept the tension up, and buried myself in her.  Teasing her tender, deep spot sent her to the edge, and my raspy, guttural noises kicked her over the cliffedge.  The evidence of whether she tended to be a yelper, a barker, a growler, a whiner, or some other less common one didn't get cataloged due to lack of breath.  Her legs trembled inside of mine.
  "Where do you need it?  Where does my little slut puppy want the cum she deserves?"  I stroked slow as possible now, close myself but ready to push her into a second orgasm if she could.
  "Ahhhh...."  Her brain had shut off.
  "I know.  Turn over, Jackie."
  One last crack on her ass, and I pulled out to help her over.  I held her up by one shoulder, and her hands reflexively went to my cock and joined her tongue.  Ears twitched as her eyes attempted to focus on me.
  "That's it.  That's why you wanted this.  The girls told you how much I cum."  Her tongue slalomed on the underside of my dick, she inhaled me, then repeated the run with her tongue.
  The first spurt grazed up her muzzle and between her eyes, landing in her hair.  It scored well, but not as highly as the jerk-off fantasy I'd had about Priya.  Jackie didn't need to know about that.  After all, I'd just given her a facial that would make a pornstar envious.  She licked me clean, then laid back as I went to fetch towel and damp cloth from the bathroom.
  I had promised to let her share the bed, so I tossed everything but a light sheet and put and arm around her as she cuddled into me, satisfied and sleepy.

  The next morning I was treated to another blowjob before we got out of bed to make breakfast.  She'd packed a clean pair of panties in her purse, and nabbed a older tshirt that was tighter for bench day.  The fabric had been worn thin by so many washings, and pulled even thinner by her tits.  Between bites of food, she breathed deep enough to flirt with me, letting me see that it was all about picking a shirt that had my scent permanantly on it.
  "I'm sore.  I guess I had to learn the hard way that my eyes were bigger than my pussy."
  "You're not complaining though."
  "Hell no.  If I wasn't worried what a few yappers are going to say when they find out I got the dicking of a lifetime from a straightflute, I'd be demanding this as often as I can have it."
  "There's others that'll raise an eyebrow first, but who are the yappers?  Exes that spend more time knotting their underwear and hands than your?"
  Her disapproving look said that I hadn't earned that kind of freedom with my tongue.  "Some of them, yes, but I'll admit I'm not the least prejudiced person ever.  As long as you're OK with this being casual, I don't have to justify my habits to them.  What are you going to tell Priya?
  "Tell her?  I hadn't decided.  It's not like she threw me at you, but I'm going to have to go carefully.  I'm not out to hurt her..."
  "But you power-fucked me into the bed.  Just so you don't get the wrong ideas, I'm not throwing myself at your feet.  I've got other guys out there.  You've made me reconsider cutting out all the human guys."  I stared at her and gave her a wicked grin that had her putting up her hands in defeat.  "OK, you're a great fuck.  Maybe I should have tried the human angle well before this given my reputation and how much I flirt with everything that has a dick, but I'm not going exclusive for you."
  "And the real reason is..."
  "If I did, Priya would come and kick my ass."
  "You could ask her.  She let me know she wants my help getting Sia moved in with you.  Given that they hang out so much, it would be better we say something to her than let her walk in on you draining my balls."
  "You talk to her first, Shawn.  Then we can decide if this has to be a one-time thing, no matter what we both want."
  "And what if she's fine with it?"  Priya had intimated that having Jackie succumb to me was the goal.
  "I doubt she'll take it well.  It wouldn't be the first time a girl had regrets after setting her dream guy up with someone else.  I'm a slut, but I get to see how heartbreak happens more often."
  We finished breakfast, and exchanged phone numbers.  I texted Priya to make sure she felt better after the mint pie, and cleaned up the evidence of last night.