[Shaky consent][Alcohol][Cheating][Anal]

[Mir character art]

https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38143996/ (story art)
https://www.furaffinity.net/view/36544513/ (Pov? nsfw)
https://www.furaffinity.net/view/37989236/ (nsfw)
https://www.furaffinity.net/view/35704657/ (color nsfw)
https://www.furaffinity.net/view/33316974/ (color nsfw)

[Notes-]
[I don’t consider this to be canon since Mir isn’t really a character that has canon, per se. The goal is to demonstrate her flaws and weaknesses on a more detailed level. It should go without saying that this is not a love letter to infidelity.]

----------------------------------




The quiet whirring of the fan overhead met the griffin as she entered her modest apartment. Yet another unremarkable workweek ending with an equally unremarkable weekend. With a sigh, Mir hung her keys on the wall hook and paced towards the living room. The muffled sounds of the lively outdoors practically taunted her senses as she stood in the middle of the room. She shook her head and moved towards the window to draw the blinds.

From her window, she caught a glimpse of the picturesque park across the street. Couples young and old walked hand in hand while children played a game of kickball in the grass. There were humans and furs alike, all enjoying one another's company and celebrating the upcoming weekend break before returning to reality. The toucan hybrid's neutral expression turned to a slight frown. It must have been months since she last ventured out to take a walk around the park.

Her expression fell even further as a realization hit her—It had been years since she really enjoyed the company of others at all. For a moment she tried reasoning with herself that her coworkers counted as meaningful friends, but she knew that the excuse was about as shallow as her sense of fulfillment. Friends didn't discuss SEO optimization and schedule time for each other through outlook invitations.

The blinds rattled as she pulled the cable, allowing them to block out the casual reminder of her loneliness. As she turned, she paused. The griffin began to laugh to herself as she realized just how pathetic this self-pity really was. "I'm a veritable fucking recluse," she muttered, pacing towards the other side of the apartment.

Bathroom lights flipped on to reveal herself in the mirror. A tall, dark figure gazed back with piercing yellow eyes. Her long, fiery colored beak dominated her overall appearance, complimented by a pair of awkward, kangaroo-like ears. Near her midriff, cool black feathers transitioned smoothly into warmer toned panther fur. Her long-furred tail twitched behind her as her eyes darted to an ashy spot on her beak. Mir never considered herself to be vain, but it was almost instinct to primp herself whenever she saw her reflection. She spared a few quick scratches against a problem spot before breaking away from the mirror to use the restroom. The griffin pulled her pants down, gathered her tail in her lap and sat down to relieve herself.

As she felt the pressure leave her bladder, she stared at a spot near the baseboards and zoned out. Her thoughts wandered aimlessly for several moments before they focused in on a recurring thought. What if there was somebody out there just like her? Lonely, longing, and waiting for 'the right one' to come along? What if she wasted her 20s and most of her 30s because she sat by, patiently expecting something to just fall from the sky and into her lap?

This moment of lucidity did not sit well with Mir, and she remained on the toilet for several minutes trying to once again find an excuse for her lack of initiative. She shook her head, finally admitting to herself what she already knew to be true. "Guess we're going out tonight," she muttered to herself, reaching for the bidet controls.

[----]

The griffin strode out into the hot evening air, not quite sure of what to expect from this sudden burst of impulsiveness. In the back of her mind, she compromised with herself: she could use a failed experience to give herself an excuse to stay home next time. She turned to lock her door, then padded down the sidewalk towards the busier side of town. The ten minute walk would at least let her enjoy a stroll through the more agreeable evening weather.

Mir had elected to wear a fairly simple outfit. Partially because she didn't own anything particularly flashy, and partially because she didn't really know what to expect. She wore a black blouse and white camisole underneath, and a pair of mid-thigh shorts she thought looked nice. Perhaps the fanciest thing she wore out that night were her favorite pair of black lace panties. She had bought them to make herself feel cute a while back, but never found a reason to wear them until now.

As she ventured further from home, her mind began to wander. What if she met someone? Better yet, what if she met someone who wanted to come home with her? She began to regret the fact that she didn't thoroughly groom herself before heading out for a night on the town. Of course, that would have taken at least an hour and a half to wash, dry and preen. But she did respect herself enough to cover the basics. Her fur was brushed, beak buffed, and feathers scented with her favorite perfume.

Her mind drifted rapidly through various scenarios while she continued her journey to the bars. Her favorite fantasy involved enticing some young and attractive man with her exotic appearance, inviting him into her home, and engaging in levels of debauchery she knew most normal people would find completely out of line. This was an easy and familiar scenario she'd thought about thousands of times before. The facet of fantasy that troubled her the most, however, was the one where she tried to strike up a conversation. What was she going to say? "Yes hello, I'd like to be your friend. Also would you like to come home with me afterwards and do unspeakable things to my body?" She shook her head and made an annoyed rattling noise sound unique to toucans. The rational, normal side of her brain knew that intimacy typically followed familiarity. But that didn't stop her ravenously hungry, desperate sexuality from poisoning the rest of her mind with frustration.

The tangential thoughts only stopped zooming through her mind as she rounded the corner to her destination. It was a tidy little bar with a comfortable looking deck wrapping around most of the exterior. One of her coworkers mentioned it by name, praising it for its delightfully comfortable atmosphere. Mir could understand why now, seeing it in person. Lattice awning covered much of the deck, delicately interwoven with ivy and hanging vines while dimly lit christmas lights bathed the entire scene in a warm, inviting glow. She made an effort to straighten herself up as she passed the patrons on the outdoor patio and in through the fancy doors. As she entered, she couldn't help but wince. The low roar of the music inside caused her ears to reflexively lay back, and she wondered to herself how on earth anybody could justify ruining such a nice atmosphere with this level of volume.

Inside, a somewhat familiar scene played out before her. Booths occupied with parties of smiling, socializing people lined the walls. There was a sea of heads and swiveling ears, the occasional flash of teeth from a laughing muzzle, and people moving with purpose through crowds of idly chatting friends. A few people stole a glance at the exotic looking griffin. She was hard to miss with her massive beak and bright yellow eyes. But the looks never lingered long, for which, Mir felt grateful. A childhood of relentless teasing and jeers about her physical appearance had left her with a permanently damaged sense of self-image.

She gracefully navigated her way to the bar through the crowd of people. It helped greatly to angle her beak into the air in situations like these. She'd learned the hard way growing up that her beak attracted bumps and impacts, and it was never pleasant. The bartender, a surprisingly trim boar fur, must have noticed the griffin's arrival, because he made his way to meet her at the counter.

The boar smiled at Mir and chucked, "Saw 'ya coming from a mile away, like a shark." He laughed and tilted his snout up, sticking his hand out from his nose to imitate the griffin's beak. "What can I start you out with, gorgeous?"

As much as she wanted to be upset at that comment, Mir cracked a smile and leaned in over the bar. "I guess start me off with a shot of rum and a vodka cranberry," she replied with amusement.

The boar nodded his head, and with all the skill that can only come from years in the craft, began producing bottles, glasses, shakers, all the expected accessories you'd find in mixology. The griffin watched as he spun bottles and poured liquor from impressive heights, obviously trying to entertain those nearby. It came as a surprise when he lined up two shot glasses and filled both to the brim before pushing one towards Mir.

"Since I ain't ever seen you here before, this one's on the house," he said, picking his shot up with a grin.

Mir couldn't help but give him a genuine smile as she processed the kind gesture. She raised her shot to meet his and gently tapped the side, croaking, "Well, I-" She faltered, not really sure what to toast to. "To your kindness, and this fantastic establishment, clearly. Cheers!"

With that, she brought the tiny glass to her beak and let the fiery liquid run down her throat. The boar made a slight face as he negotiated with his double shot. Mir, on the other hand, simply returned her empty glass to the bar and produced her credit card. One of the drawbacks to being a toucan is that things didn't really have a whole lot of flavor. Her beak was sensitive, sure, but her sense of taste and smell was subdued. The only benefit to this aspect of her anatomy was that liquor was far more manageable. The boar collected her card and the empty glasses before placing the griffin's mixed drink in front of her.

"Leave it open?" he asked, looking back over his shoulder.

Mir nodded and gave a thumbs up before taking her drink and making her way out to the patio.

[----]

By now, the temperature outside had cooled to a comfortable 85 degrees. The tropical griffin felt absolutely at home in this kind of weather, despite other furs and patrons dropping the occasional complaint about it being too muggy for 9pm. In fact, she found herself feeling quite good. Maybe it was her physiology, or maybe it was the shot and second round of mixed drink speaking. Whatever the case, she found herself enjoying the conversations of others and watching people pass on the street in front of the patio. It really was a lovely night out.

Time lazily passed her by. Drink by drink, she found herself settling into a dreamy, comfortable stupor. Her tail twitched to the beat of the soft thumping bass from within as her mind drifted off once more, imagining herself swaying a cute young man into a romantic evening on the couch. Perhaps a little more than just romance, if she had her say. The griffin began to purr to herself as she pictured a blushing face laying against her petite chest, her claws gently coaxing his head down past her plush stomach fur to her thighs, the way inhaled the scent of her—

"Hey! Sorry, do you mind if we sit here?" A voice said, jerking Mir away from her fantasy.

She instantly became aware of the fact that she was rather aggressively bouncing her knee while zoned out. In one subtle motion, the griffin clutched her thigh to stop the bouncing, straightened her posture and cocked her head to look up at the voice.

"Oh! Yeah, of course. It's just me here," she quickly replied, inspecting the two standing before her.

The voice belonged to a sheep girl who looked to be in her 20s. With her stood a decently attractive looking human male who regarded Mir with obvious curiosity. She could tell he was focusing on her beak, but his expression didn't read as one of bemusement. It was simply one of curiosity. The griffin's eye darted between the two as she sat back and gestured to the two chairs nearest to her. They happened to be the only free pair of adjacent chairs left on the patio, she realized. Not a big issue as she was just about getting ready to call it a night. The pair smiled and thanked Mir before settling in. The human moved first, taking a seat in the chair closest to Mir, followed by his fur companion.

The griffin couldn't help but steal a glance at the man's hand. It was free from commitment, she noted with a chuckle to herself. She felt herself sink back into the comfortable patio chair as she returned to her comfortable buzz. Mir considered the outcome of her night so far. Nobody had approached her yet. No handsome young men to sweep her off her paws. Her mind returned to a thought she had earlier: it wasn't just going to fall into her lap. If she wanted to socialize, she'd need to be the one to make the first move.

She glanced over at the two. They were both leaning in towards one another to look at something on the sheep's phone. Mir stealthily perked one of her ears in their direction and caught the tail end of their exchange.

The sheep responded to something inaudible from the human. "Well, what do you want to do then?"

"Don't know about you, but I didn't pay to come all the way out here and then get ditched. We can still drink without him."

After a brief pause, the sheep shrugged her shoulders. "Might as well."

Mir furrowed her brow. The griffin felt a twinge of sympathy inside, having been stood up several times in the past. She leaned forward in her chair, reached over the low table and took her drink to kick back the last few sips. With a loud knock, she returned the glass to the table, reached over to the man and cupped his shoulder gently in her claws. The man, quite understandably surprised by this sudden contact, quickly looked back over his shoulder. His sheep companion followed suit as well, her expression a mix of sourness and confusion.

"Save my spot, will you?" Mir asked, gesturing to her seat.

Both the strangers' faces relaxed a little as the man smiled and offered a polite, "Yeah, no problem."

The griffin's claws lingered a moment longer before she turned to head back into the bar. She purposefully let her talons lazily glide across his shoulder before returning them to her side. It felt nice, feeling his warm body against her palm. She silently thanked the darkness for concealing the butterflies and raised feathers that prickled along her neck and arms.

A few minutes later, Mir returned to the table with a fresh drink and 3 shots. She carefully placed the small glasses down on the table, immediately earning the attention of her two patio companions. She angled her beak to look at the two who already wore reluctant grins. "I figured I might as well be a good neighbor, yeah?" she said with a smile.

The sheep, finally breaking out into a wide grin, reached out to take one of the shots. "Oh my god," she said, emphasizing her surprise with drawn out syllables.

The human collected his glass as well, giving a hearty thanks as he waited for Mir to collect hers.

With a smile, Mir raised her glass and the three of them touched rims together with a tiny clink. "To the weekend," She cheered, earning a grateful mimic in response. As is customary, the three brought their shots down to tap the table before kicking the fiery liquid back as quickly as possible.

The sheep girl cocked her head and coughed, grimacing as she struggled to accept the contents of the glass. She managed to eek out an exasperated, "Holy..." before regaining her composure. Her friend shared a similar reaction before returning an empty shot glass to the table.

"That'll put some wool on your chest," he laughed, playfully slapping the sheep's knee with his hand.

The sheep looked over to Mir with an incredulous expression and asked, "What was that, straight 151?"

Mir, who was by now feeling the effects of her previous drinks, managed to explain her order of "Three of the strongest shots you can make," in between giggles.

As it turned out, buying drinks for strangers was a great way to break the ice and ease into casual conversation. The pair, who she now knew to be Molly and Isaac, were very friendly and open, something Mir did not expect to find that night. It was difficult for the griffin to determine exactly what they were to one another. They seemed to just be friends, but occasionally one would let their gaze linger on the other, or affirm something that was said with a gentle touch on the other's knee. It became even harder for Mir to decipher these subtle cues as the night wore on and each party continued buying drinks for the other.

At one point, Mir considered asking Molly if she and Isaac were a thing. The opportunity had presented itself while he was away getting more shots, leaving the two girls alone. The griffin hesitated though. Wouldn’t it be awkward?  Besides, she thought, any minute now one of them is going to decide it's time to leave, they'll be gone, and she'll probably never see either of them again. Why make things weird by coming on to Isaac? Especially if they were dating. There's no reason to risk souring an otherwise fun night, even if she would like to take the human home with her.

Almost as if the sheep were reading her mind, Molly leaned in towards Mir. Molly was clearly, very much under the influence by now.

"Hey, Mir. You ever been with a human?" she quipped, awkwardly placing her hand on Mir's knee.

Before the griffin could even register what was happening, the sheep scooted even further forward, awkwardly teetering on the edge of her seat. She placed a hand on Mir's shoulder and brought her muzzle in so she could whisper, "If you haven’t-" her whisper was interrupted by a soft hiccup. "You should try one. They're amazing, trust me." The sheep giggled to herself and slumped back into her chair, looking at mir with an expression she couldn't quite pin down. It was somewhat smug, but, not quite. Salacious, maybe? Mir sometimes struggled with reading mammalian expressions as she, having a beak, did not always share the same set of facial expressions.

Mir's tipsy mind tried to process the meaning of what was just said. At first she thought the sheep was coming on to her, something she definitely would have considered entertaining. No, that wasn't it. Was she being propositioned to join in on a threesome? The thought sent shivers down her spine and caused her to begin bouncing her knee again. No, that couldn't be it either. Unless Molly was just hinting at it? Perhaps the sheep was trying to plant the idea in the back of Mir's head. Or perhaps she was subtly trying to signal that Isaac was hers without sounding confrontational.

A grin spread across Mir's face as she leaned forward herself. "Are you...?" She started, pausing to consider the consequences of joking about a threesome.

Molly's interest in Mir completely vanished as her attention focused back to the incoming human. He walked with a swagger, and another round of shots in his hands. "Aha! Gooood!" the sheep squealed, gleefully reaching for a glass.

The griffin clenched her jaw. She would have to wait for the next opportunity to hint at her willingness to experiment.

Isaac chuckled and offered one of the glasses to Mir. "Bartender says it's final call, so let's make this one count," he said, moments before sloshing a not-so-insignificant amount of liquor over the side of Mir's glass. Apparently the drink had finally caught up with the human as well.

Mir laughed at the tiny party foul, and moved to take the offered glass from the unsteady hand. Her own fine motor skills were less than graceful, but she managed to save the remaining liquid.

The final hour at the bar passed with an increasingly drunken Molly dominating the conversation. It was obvious she was a touchy-feely kind of drunk that lost all sense of personal boundaries. At one point, she even took it upon herself to use Mir's leg as an example of why digitigrade was superior to plantigrade legs.

"Just... Just look at this, right here." The sheep slurred, scooting forward in her chair. She reached out and grabbed Mir by the ankle and hoisted the griffin's leg up to show Isaac. Mir, reduced to a laughing and giggling mess at the absurdity of the situation, fell back into a reclining position with her butt hanging over the edge of her seat. The sheep waved the poor griffin's hindpaw around in the air at the human, demanding he acknowledge the brilliance of its evolutionary design. Tears streamed down Mir's cheek as Isaac dramatically admitted that yes, anthro legs were in fact, much more appealing than human legs. To illustrate his point, he took the paw and planted a kiss just above her toes, prompting a fit of uncontrollable, flustered laughter from the poor griffin. Her hindpaw fell to the deck with a loud thump, followed by another as Mir slid out of the seat and onto her butt, pushing the group into hysterics.

It must have been quite the scene, because not even a minute later, the boar came outside and addressed the three with his hands on his hips. "Alright, alright you three. We're about to close. Let's wrap this up, yeah?"

Mir and Isaac assured the bartender through latent giggles that they'd be in shortly to close their tabs out, but Molly, poor Molly, slumped back into her seat and made some kind of attempt at verbal communication.

"Don't worry, I've got her," Isaac snickered, nodding towards the incoherent ruminant. "Hey Molly, don't go anywhere alright? We're going inside to close the tab."

She giggled in response and took out her phone, once again slurring something incoherent.

Confident that the sheep wasn't going to do something dumb, Mir and Isaac stumbled their way inside to close out. Mir had to steady herself on the shorter human more than once before they could make it to the bar. This only caused the equally unsteady human to have to clutch against Mir to keep himself from toppling over. They both laughed as they stood in their unsteady embrace, simultaneously amused and embarrassed by the absolute state of their wits.

"Oh my god," Isaac laughed, shaking his head. "I did not expect to drink this much tonight."

"Who says we're done?" The griffin smirked, carefully leading the way to the bartender.

Isaac gestured towards the mildly annoyed looking boar. "That guy, I think."

The bartender simply closed his eyes, shook his head and asked for their last names.

"I mean, I live nearby if you n' molly wanna- wanna come over and keep the night going." Mir said, boldly reaching over to smack the human's butt.

Isaac jumped a little and turned to face Mir, wearing an intrigued expression on his face. He regarded her for a moment, sluggish mind likely processing what just happened. His mouth opened as he began to say something, but the bartender spoke up first.

"It's you and sleeping beauty out there, right?"

Isaac reluctantly tore his eyes from the Griffin. Both he and mir turned to look out the glass patio doors. Molly was indeed beginning to nod off in the chair. They caught a glimpse just in time to watch as her phone tumbled from her hands and into her lap.

"I got her too, don't worry," the human mumbled, stepping forward to pay.

Mir followed suit and left a rather generous tip to the boar before the pair moved back towards the patio.

"So? We gonna call it a night, or...?" Mir asked hopefully, debating whether or not to try and reach for the human's hand.

The human paused at the double doors. He had to steady himself with the long brass handle while he considered his options.

"Molly looks like she's out. I don't know." Isaac didn't sound all too pleased by the fact the sheep was practically insensinate.

The griffin's ears laid back as she hesitantly brought her hand back to her side. "I've got plenty of couch space. She could crash there while we keep going."

Several moments passed while he considered her invitation. It was obvious that he wasn't quite ready to call his night done, but he did seem to be concerned about Molly. Mir wondered if this meant they were indeed a thing. Were it her friend, she would have just called a rideshare to send her home.

Chills once again shot through the griffin's body as she realized just how scandalous her offer must have sounded if he were a taken man. She had to take a moment to appreciate just how inappropriate the whole situation could turn out to be. Mir found herself taking a ragged breath as she envisioned all the trouble she could get up to.

Isaac slurred, "You know what, fuck it. Let's do it. It's Friday night and I've had a long week."

For the first time in a while, Mir felt a feeling of genuine excitement radiate through her chest. She pressed herself up against his side, wrapped an arm around his shoulder and gave it a squeeze. The human laughed as the gesture nearly sent him sideways, but he managed to hold on.
"That's what I wanted to hear. Now, let's try and figure out how to get this girl up." She purred, letting her claws trace a path from Isaac's shoulder to his lower back.

Isaac's laughter eased into a coy grin as he glanced down at Mir's arm, then up to her yellow eyes. They lingered there, blowing through the narrow timeframe expected for a response. Just as Mir was about to retract her arm and offer an awkward apology, he wrapped his own arm around her waist and led the way into the warm nighttime air.

It took a minute of coaxing, but Isaac was able to rouse Molly from her drunken slumber long enough to tell her the new plan. The sheep muttered something incoherent, laughed and made an attempt to stand. She only made it about halfway up before falling back into the patio chair with a thud. Her face contorted into a grin as she looked up to apologize to the pair of slightly more sober companions.

"I'm sorry guys, I'm good," she chuckled, running her fingers through her wooly afro. "Just give me a minute, ok?"

Isaac raised an eyebrow and bent over to help his companion to her hooves. The sheep turned into an unsteady bundle of giggling, blushing dead weight within seconds of being pulled upright. It was obvious that there was no way the three of them would make it back to the griffin's apartment, so Mir made the decision to call for a rideshare.

[----]

The ride back was uneventful, much to everyone's relief. Isaac was worried about the possibility of Molly getting carsick—a sentiment their driver did not try to hide upon arrival. The guff looking human frowned when he saw the tipsy pair hoisting their sleeping sheep friend to her feet.

He rolled down his window and grunted, "What's with Bo Peep? She’s not gonna yack in my back seat, is she?"

Both Mir and Isaac started into an overlapping chorus of jovial dismissal and handwaving, promising that she was fine. Unfortunately, their driver didn't seem to be buying it. It was only when Mir insisted that it was only a 4-minute drive to their destination that the man relented and unlocked his doors.

Molly slept through the drive, and despite Isaac's best efforts to wake her up, the walk to Mir's front door. The shorter human was much stronger than his shorter stature would have suggested, Mir thought to herself. The griffin was impressed by the relative ease with which he carried the sleeping sheep from the car and up the stairs to her second floor apartment.

Mir fumbled with the keys as she rushed to get the door open for Isaac. "It's not much, but... it's got liquor." Mir said, finally swinging the door open.

The griffin and the human stumbled in through the door with Molly awkwardly nestled in Isaac's arms. He wasted no time trekking into the living room to deposit the sheep onto the couch. With a huff, he wiped a small bit of sweat from his brow and collapsed into the cushions by her side.

"Good thing. I'm pretty sure I sobered up with that little workout," He said with a chuckle. The human gave his slumbering companion's rear a solid smack, letting out a hearty, "This girl’s thick."

The sudden clap prompted a short bout of sleepy grumbles from Molly.

Mir waggled her eyebrows at the human, purring in her most sultry voice, "You like them thick, huh?"

Isaac eyed her strong legs for a moment before grunting a laugh of approval. "Indeed I do," he mused, eyes lingering on the griffin's attractive rump.

Mir was extremely pleased with herself for that one. She grinned and turned to walk to the kitchen, making no attempt to hide the sway of her hips or the anxious swishing of her tail.

"I'm gonna make us some rum punch. You ok with that?" she called out as she rounded the corner to the kitchen.

A reply came from the living room. "Yeah. You got enough to do a couple of shots?"

"Mhm, Sure do. Get in here handsome." Mir growled playfully, reveling in the excitement of having Isaac all to herself.

Warmth flushed over the griffin's body as she realized what she just said. Part of her expected to hear an upset, "Excuse me?" in response, but instead Isaac made his way over with a coy smile on his face. He leaned comfortably on the counter and watched Mir while she prepared their drinks.

"You know, it's been a while since her and I have gone out like this. It's been nice," Isaac chuckled, trying his best to pretend like he wasn't just as intoxicated as he was at the bar.

"Yeah? It's probably been a decade for me," Mir said with a hint of genuine surprise.

"Seriously? Wait, how old are you anyways? Sorry if it's rude to ask, but, you know, you furs don't always tend to show your age like humans do."

With a single, incredulous laugh, Mir turned her long beak to gawk at the faltering human.

"I-I mean, I'm not saying you look old. If anything you look totally normal- God, not normal. That's not a good word for that. You... You look really good."

Her beak slowly closed as her expression twisted back into a grin. Without breaking eye contact, she pushed the glass towards Isaac and picked up her own. "Old enough to drink, how about that?" she snickered, opting to omit her age. She knew without a doubt she was at least a good 10 years older than Isaac.

The man coughed and shifted uncomfortably before taking his drink. He wore an obvious blush on his face, something Mir eagerly took note of.

Emboldened by her clear effect on the young man, she raised her shot to give cheers. "To young men such as yourself keeping things interesting for us middle aged women."

She grinned and laid her ears back, practically daring him to deny the sexual tension in the atmosphere. Her piercing yellow eyes locked to his as he brought his glass up to meet hers. For a heartbeat, he hesitated.

Then, the sharp clink of their toast shot through the quiet apartment.

In one smooth motion, she drained her shot and watched him swallow his own. Isaac cringed, and with a soft thud, pounded his fist against the counter in an attempt to recover from the generous pour.

"Come on now, that's the good stuff," Mir trailed off, pushing his rum punch across the counter. "Unless of course, you see something else you’d prefer."

That insinuation must have broken something in his brain, she thought. The human, despite being completely unable to hide his smile, quickly deflected by grabbing his rum punch and turning to move back out to the living room. He commented about how the alcohol must finally be hitting him before she heard the sound of a body sinking into the sofa.
 
Mir stayed back for a moment, her intoxicated brain pondering the next move. He seemed to be playing ball with her advances. Plus, his friend was out like a light. The griffin had no doubt she and Isaac could fuck right there on the couch without the risk of waking Molly. The thought of something so raunchy had the griffin practically aching underneath her panties. She cocked her head to take a quick peek as she pulled at her waistband. Sure enough, her panties were proudly sporting a nice wet spot.

"Fuck," she muttered to herself, letting the elastic band snap back against her furry groin.

It was as if all the night's pent up frustration had suddenly come to a head. She was acutely aware of the gnawing desire that radiated from her lower abdomen, and she believed she had a decent shot at getting Isaac in between her legs. There was just one small problem. She didn't know if he was taken or not. The question only pushed her emotions into a sullen lust. If he and Molly were together, it certainly wasn't fair to Mir that he'd be so receptive of her advances. There's no way a taken man would willingly put himself in a position like this.

He must be single, she surmised.

Not wanting to raise any questions from her one conscious guest, Mir walked out to the living room to find Isaac gently rubbing the sleeping lamb's knee.

"Party pooper, huh?" Isaac chuckled before giving the limb a couple solid smacks. "C'mon Molly, you have a good nap? We're still trying to have a good time! Wake up sleepy head!"

The sheep grumbled a single, unintelligible word in response before rolling over to bury her muzzle underneath a throw pillow.

"Oh well, suit yourself." Isaac shrugged, reaching for another drink of his rum punch. He slurred, "This shit's amazing, by the way. Were you a bartender or something?"

The carpet crunched softly under Mir's hindpaws as she padded across the living room. With a small squeak, she planted herself next to the human. "No, I just found this recipe online... 'is pretty good right? I got some coworkers shitfaced with it at the last company party."

She chuckled to herself, remembering how her boss grabbed her ass and awkwardly had to apologize for it the following Monday. She felt bad for the trouble he got into since she was the one hitting on him the entire night. If she was being honest, she would have let him do a lot more to her.

As the griffin went in for another drink, Isaac seemingly lost an internal struggle and blurted out, "Ok so, really. How do you do that without spilling everywhere?"

Amused, Mir laughed and leaned away from the curious human to get a better look. She wasn't sure if he was being serious or not.  

"No really, I've been watching you the whole night and I can't figure out how it works. Like, any of you."

Mir fell into a fit of giggling, even letting slip a feral toucan croak as she gasped for breath. Isaac must have realized just how ridiculous he must have sounded, because soon he joined the griffin in her snickering fit.

"I'm sorry! I Had to ask! It's just so... You're just so different looking. Like, sure I've seen other bird anthros and all, but..."

The human reached his hand out to touch the griffin's long, serrated beak.

"Is it ok if I touch it?" he quipped, remembering his manners

The griffin could hardly contain herself. Stifled giggles emanated through her closed beak as she eagerly nodded, leaning her head forward to rest the tip of her bill in the curious human's hand. He began to rub the smooth, hard surface with his finger tips, focusing on the top mandible and the black stripe that ran its length. His fingers hissed against the hard keratin ever so softly as he continued to feel all over.

Mir's giggling quickly subsided as the physical sensation of touch overtook her senses. The shift from amusement to lust was rapid, and she struggled not to make it too obvious. This was far closer than she actually expected to get to intimacy. She wanted so badly to put her hand on his thigh, but instead, she chose to wait and see where he took it.

A soft silence fell across the living room as the human continued exploring the toucan hybrid's unique anatomy. The moment was only punctuated by the heavy breathing of the slumbering sheep only inches away, and the occasional thump of Mir's tail against the couch cushions. Contented purrs began to rumble from Mir's chest with each exhale, finally cutting the intimate silence.

She let slip a small grunt as she lidded her eyes. "Mff..."

"It's really," he muttered, eyes firmly locked on the serration towards the tip, "fascinating."

He gently parted her beak with his thumb and gripped the tip of her bottom mandible. A probing wiggle side to side caused her head to follow his lead with complete submission, perhaps hinting at the needy griffin's desire for him to continue exploring her body. It was almost too much for the touch starved griffin. Through a needy whimper, she gently nibbled at his digit and brought her claws up to touch his wrist. It was only then that Isaac broke his concentration from her beak and noticed her pleading expression.

Finally realizing the effect his prolonged exploration was having on his acquaintance, he retracted his hand and nervously glanced towards the sleeping sheep to his side. The griffin did not miss this subtle cue. She stood and gently wrapped her claws around his wrist. Isaac opened his mouth to speak, but Mir cut him off with a soft shush and a firm claw against his lips.

She gently tugged him to his feet and led him away from the snoring sheep.

[----]

Mir's bedroom door clicked softly behind the conflicted looking human. Aside from the low hum of the ceiling fan spinning lazily above, it was quiet in the room.

"There," she crooned into the shorter human's ear. She already had her hands against his shoulders, effectively pinning him against the back of her door. "We can be alone in here, and you can touch me anywhere you like," she whispered into the nape of his neck. Isaac responded with a ragged breath, and a hesitant squeeze at Mir's sides.

"We really shouldn't," he began. But his voice fell to a meek groan as the griffin firmly pressed her warm body to his.

His erection was obvious through the thin fabric of Mir's shorts. A shaky breath left the griffin's chest as she positioned her loins directly against the bulge. It twitched rather noticeably, a detail that drove the drunk griffin's mind wild.

"It's okay..." She murmured reassuringly, grinding her body up and down against the man's trembling frame.

Isaac huffed and squeezed her firm rump. With every grind from the griffin, he responded by pulling her hips in against his. The man's head rolled back and to the side, occasionally letting out a breathy sigh whenever the griffin rubbed herself against him just right. Mir took it upon herself to nibble gently at his neck - a toucan's equivalent of kissing. She wondered to herself whether or not she could just fuck him up against the door like this. But she wasn't so intoxicated that she'd try and waste time with an awkward position like that. Plus, she worried that the inevitable bumps against the door would wake her companion's friend just on the other side of the wall.

The two stood there for some time while they let their hands explore one another. Occasionally, one would let slip a hot breath as the other groped in just the right place. The human seemed to especially enjoy the gentle nibbles on his neck from Mir’s beak, and particularly, when she nibbled at his ear. It all came to a head when Mir’s claws slid down his chest and into his underwear.

The feel of the griffin’s claws gripping around his sensitive shaft sent Isaac over the edge. In a huff, he cupped the back of Mir’s head and brought his lips to her beak, planting kiss after kiss along its surface. The griffin whimpered softly in her throat, desperate for more. She wanted him in her bed. She wanted to feel him inside of her.

The griffin pulled herself from his embrace and stepped back from the door, earning a disappointed groan from Isaac. He straightened his neck and opened his eyes to see what she was doing, only to be met with Mir's bare chest. She had pulled her undershirt up to reveal her perky breasts. They were A's to be generous, but they sat cupped in her rather intimidating claws. She was clearly attempting to prop up her bosom in an effort to make them look more appealing. With a second step back, she traced her hands down from her breasts to her waistband. Her shorts slid down her thighs in one smooth movement to reveal her laced, black panties.

"Come here," she beckoned, holding a clawed hand out to the human.

Isaac hesitantly reached out to take her hand. It didn't take much maneuvering on Mir's part to position him at the foot of her bed, despite their drunkenness. With a gentle push, the griffin had him sitting right where she wanted.

A soft creak permeated the quiet room as she put her weight on one knee to the side of Isaac's thigh.

"You know,” she purred softly, ”we could just do it right now." Her voice trailed off as she reached down to tug at his belt. "All you'd need to do is pull your pants down for me..."

Isaac made a strange groaning sound and furrowed his brow

More creaking filled the silence as she brought her other knee down to the bed. She was now squarely straddling the shivering human's hips, making no attempt to keep her exposed breasts from brushing against his red face.

She gently nuzzled the side of her beak against his neck and crooned, "Feel me."

A delighted whimper emitted from Mir's throat as she felt his hands move down from the small of her back. One hand slid lower to her soaked crotch while the other gripped her tail at the base. His fingers glided effortlessly across the drenched synthetic material, all up and down the length of her swollen labia.

Mir's entire body tensed as her senses were temporarily overwhelmed. The feel of his fingers tracing up and down her most sensitive parts caused her to grind back against his hand, desperately wishing he'd give her more. Her insides physically ached for release.

She reached back with one of her claws to hold the crotch of her panties to the side. Eager fingers made bare contact with her soaked mess of a crotch and Mir's chest heaved with exhilaration. Without the slightest bit of resistance, she felt two of his digits slip deep into her cunt. They pushed in and out of her body with ease, each pass only soaking more of Isaac's hand.

The griffin couldn't help but grind against his lap while he fingered her needy pussy. Now that he had access, she let her panties snap back, covering his fingers with the soaked material as they pumped in and out. The claws that once welcomed his probing fingers now worked at removing the human's belt.

The sound of creaking leather briefly covered the soft schlicking of Isaac’s fingers. She pulled the belt tight and flipped the small metal pin back. Moments later, she slid it free from the buckle and began tugging at his button. A small pop signalled it's release. The zipper gave way with ease as she slid her claws into the heat of his underwear to pull his shaft free from confinement.

The human below groaned softly and pushed his cock into her palm. Mir couldn't help but marvel at how good the real thing felt in her claws. His skin was smooth, and the way it gave around the firm shaft within fascinated her. Toys simply couldn’t compare. Though her sense of smell was dulled, she could already detect his musk mixing with her own animalistic scent, once described as that of warm, salty corn chips.

She angled her body forward and brought her claws back to hold her panties aside.

"Stick it in," she huffed, gently rocking against Isaac's hand.

He reluctantly pulled his fingers from the griffin's inviting insides, but curiously, did not reach for his shaft. He paused for several moments, leaving the panting griffin on top frustrated and confused.

Her fingers worked through her wet labia to tide her over until the human made his move.

"Well?" the griffin finally whined, reaching back to grip his shaft once more.

Much to her surprise, Isaac reacted to the touch of her slickened fingers by pulling his cock out of her grip. She couldn't have held on even if she wanted to.

"My girlfriend..." He tilted his head back. "Fuck."

Those were not the words Mir wanted to hear. For a moment she felt a twinge of panic and disgust, but her base instincts almost immediately subdued those emotions. Her mind desperately searched for an excuse to continue, to get this human inside of her. She thought back to what Molly had insinuated earlier in the night and nearly suggested Isaac wake her up to try and start a threesome. But she knew that wouldn’t work. The sheep was thoroughly passed out.

Only one thought remained in her head, and it stoked some cruel flames in the most depraved corners of her mind. The sheer exhilaration of how wrong it was sent chills down her spine, strong enough that she physically trembled. The griffin didn't miss a beat. She firmly grasped his shoulders and pushed him onto his back.

Breathy purrs grew quieter as she leaned down to bring her beak to the human’s ear.

"She doesn't need to know."

The room fell silent. Mir could see in the dim light that the intoxicated human was conflicted. Sensing his hesitation, she rocked her loins against his and crooned her dark reassurance.

"She won't find out..."

After several agonizing moments, the sound of his rattling belt and zipper gave his decision away. The griffin's heart nearly erupted from her chest as she reached back to her panties with trembling claws. She tugged the lacy garment down just enough to expose her cunt.

She expected him to waste no time, but Isaac hesitated. "Do you have any condoms?" He asked, voice quiet and tinged with anxiety.

Mir didn't quite register his request. She could already feel the tip of his cock pressing against her furred cunt. That was all she could focus on. The griffin merely whimpered again and pressed herself back against his rock hard shaft.

Her entire body tensed with a small orgasm as she felt the human's shaft slip into her eager hole. The griffin’s mind turned to a haze as her vaginal muscles contracted rhythmically around the startled human’s cock. How pathetic, she thought to herself. Was she really this worked up? She was extremely familiar with her own body and could make herself cum in a matter of minutes, but this was a new level of desperation.

"H-hey, wait," Isaac insisted, pulling himself out partially. "I don't want to get you pregnant or-"

"Shhh," Mir hissed through heaving breaths, trying to hide her shamefully quick orgasm. "I'm a hybrid, you can’t. And don't worry—I haven’t had sex in years. If I had anything I’d have noticed by now."

The griffin pinned her ears back and pushed herself against the man's shaft to once again satisfy the dull ache in her core. Beneath her, the human finally relented. With a quiet grunt, he sank himself to the hilt and groped at her taught rump.  She was pleased with how easy it was to convince him to take her without protection. Of course, what the griffin said was true. She would never lie about something like that. And if she was being honest, she didn’t even care about the potential risk to herself. The thought of making a one-night-stand finish inside her was just so too alluring.

The muffled sound of Isaac's loins slapping against the griffin's furry rump began to fill the quiet room, alongside Mir's stifled whimpers. She pushed back with every thrust as he filled that empty ache inside her. The griffin maneuvered her arm into a position between her chest and the human's body so she could rub her swollen clit. She was embarrassed by how easy it was to make herself cum with somebody else doing the hard work. Only a few minutes passed before she brought herself to another quiet climax. Before she knew it she was ramping up to her 3rd orgasm, when suddenly the steady stream of thrusts came to an end.

"We should really stop," Isaac groaned. His head rolled back and he covered his face with his hands, clearly too ashamed to make eye contact with the griffin.

Mir huffed in annoyance, lowered her tail and pressed herself firmly against his loins to prevent him from pulling out.

"I know you said you can't get pregnant," he continued, sounding unsure of his own excuse. "But I- I don't know, I just don't want to take that risk."

He began to push the clinging griffin from his body, but it only caused her to drop her chest against his.

"Then fuck my ass," she blurted out.

Isaac stopped pushing at her hips. Her offer must have appealed to him.

The griffin eased up and relaxed her posture. As she stared down at him, she traced a reassuring claw along his jawline.  "Come on..." She began. As she spoke, she slowly lifted herself off of his cock. "This way you can dump your load in me as many times as you want and not have to worry."

Isaac’s shaft twitched free of the griffin’s soaking pussy and fell against his stomach. In one smooth motion, she rolled off of him and onto her back. The griffin wasted no time pulling her panties down around her ankles. Instead of kicking them off somewhere, she let the delicate undergarments dangle from an ankle. She knew she’d have to act fast if she heard sounds coming from the living room.

The griffin lay there on her back with her shirt pulled up, panties dangling from her ankle, legs spread wide and claws rubbing gentle circles over her sodden mound. A salacious grin spread across her face as Isaac soaked in the scene.

“Fuck. I want it so bad,” he whined with a pained voice.

“Then come get it,” she whispered, bringing her knees to her shoulders.

A reluctant groan came from the hypnotized male, followed by further rustling and the soft jingling of his belt buckle. The bed frame creaked softly again as Isaac crawled into a kneeling position in front of her rump. Mir briefly worried about her current state of cleanliness, but the alcohol assuaged her fears. She doubted he cared at this point, either. She just wanted him back inside.

Mir grinned as scaled hands slid down to part the medium-length fur around her asshole.

“Is your cock still wet?” she purred, pushing a claw into her pucker. It entered without much resistance thanks to the lubrication from her arousal and years of experience with fantasy toys.

“Oh yeah,” the human muttered. His entire groin was damp with her juices.

Senses still thoroughly dulled, he struggled to keep balance as he pressed his loins against the griffin’s furred rear. His shaft slid along the length of her taint, leaving the tip of his cock resting on top of the griffin’s gaped vagina. She desperately wanted him to put it back in, but she was afraid to push her luck. Instead, she just enjoyed the sensations. She loved the feeling of his junk resting in the soft fur at the base of her tail, the heat radiating from his flushed body, the way he steadied himself by grabbing her ankle- every aspect of having the human on top of her.

Finally, the human reached down to guide his tip to her anus. The griffin’s stomach did cartwheels as she felt him push the tip past the muscular ring.

Simply put, Mir was fascinated with anal sex. Something about the sheer degeneracy of the act, the implied dirtiness- it absolutely drove her wild. She wasn’t afraid to admit the fact that she preferred it over vaginal penetration.

"That’s it," she whispered, her words dripping with gentle encouragement. “Put it in slowly.”

Her breath hitched and her claws trembled around her clit while the human worked his way in. He would push in a few centimeters then retract, only to push in further with the next thrust. Over and over he repeated this motion, and it frustrated her. She knew he wasn’t pushing in as deep as he could go. The frustration only caused her to quicken her rubbing. For several  seconds her breath caught on an approaching orgasm. Steady rubbing turned frantic, and once again, the griffin found herself cuming around the human’s girth.

She stifled a drawn out whimper, desperately humping back against his short thrusts. The griffin pitifully demanded he push deeper, but she didn’t care to wait. Poor Isaac shook like a leaf as Mir gripped his cheeks and pulled him in forcefully. Deeper he went, until he finally ran out of length to give.

"F-fuck, wait!" he whispered through gritted teeth.

That helpless tension in his voice sent the griffin’s mind reeling. Her claws rubbed furiously at her clit while she rode the high of her orgasm, and Mir wondered if he could feel the rhythmic contractions of her insides around his cock. She tried her best to keep quiet, but her tiny whimpers and ragged breaths couldn't hide the truth. It must have all been too much for the human. Just as her own orgasm subsided, Mir felt him reach back to his groin as he began to pull out.

She quickly reacted by wrapping her legs around his waist and pulling him down against her body. "No, keep it in!"

"I can't- I’m gonna cum!" he choked out.

He wasn’t going anywhere. Isaac’s entire body tensed, and with a pained grunt, thrust deep into her rectum. She could feel the steady twitching of his member through the forceful grinding against her ass. With each thrust came a desperate growl, and another hot spurt of cum. The griffin’s mind fell into a blind haze of lust as the stranger she had met earlier that night spilled his seed deep into her core.

Her body ached for more, but to her dismay, Isaac wasted no time in pulling out. A messy glob of cum oozed from her gaping hole before she could clench herself closed. She began to protest about the withdrawal, but the human was already making his way to the edge of the bed.

She rolled into a cross-legged sitting position and reached out to touch the human’s hand. "Wh- hey, what's the rush?" she asked with a hint of indignation.

Her heart and mind were still racing on the intense high that had been ripped from her grasp moments ago. That high faltered as the human flinched away from her touch and pulled up his pants.

"I fucked up."

"No- hey, I think it's hot when a guy can't hold it back. I can get you hard again."

"No, I fucked up with you."

Mir's expression sank. Though she was drunk, she had enough of her wits to remember that she had just fucked somebody’s boyfriend. Her expression fell even further knowing that the 'someone' in question was named Molly, and happened to be passed out on the other side of the bedroom door. As much as she wanted to, she couldn't find words to soothe the despondent human. All she could do was watch while he clumsily poked at the glowing screen in his hand.

"I won't tell anybody. I'm not trying to ruin anything for you," she offered in quiet reconciliation.

He didn't look her way, but he murmured a simple, "Thank you," in response.

"What are you doing?"

"Just ordered a ride share. It'll be here in 5 minutes."

Mir frowned and pulled a bundle of sheets into her lap to cover her shame. She once again searched for some words of comfort to offer up to Isaac, but came up empty handed.

“You can sit down if you want,” Mir finally offered.

She imagined being able to soothe Isaac with her feminine touch and gentle promises of secrecy. But he did not respond.

A full minute of silence passed before he took an unsteady step towards the bedroom door.

"Is it here already?"

"No, I'm just gonna wait outside with Molly."

With that, he strode to the door. He didn't spare so much as a glance back before passing through and quietly latching it behind him.

The overwhelming silence of the room was only interrupted by a soft voice from the living room. "Hey hun, can you get up? We're going home."

No response from the sheep.

"Alright... Come on, I got you."

She heard what sounded like two or three attempts at lifting Molly out of the couch, followed by more silence.

The sound of her front door swinging shut rang with finality.

Mir sat there for several minutes digesting what she could of the situation. Eventually, she stood on unsteady paws, made her way to the front door to lock up, and returned to her bedroom. She frowned as she observed the disaster in front of her. A large wet spot soaked the sheets near foot of the bed, and the entire room reeked sex. One look between her legs and under her tail was all it took for her to confirm just exactly how much cleaning and grooming she would need to do tomorrow morning to fully recover from the night's escapades.

She flopped into her mess of a bed, sighed, and closed her eyes. Thankfully, sleep came quickly, shutting away the spinning of the world around her.

[----]

It was mid-afternoon when the griffin finally roused from her hung over slumber. At first, she wondered why she was wearing a shirt and no panties. It didn't take long before she recalled the events of the night before. It also didn't take long for her to remember just how badly she needed to bathe. Tufts of her delicate tail fur stuck together and painfully tugged at their follicles as she shimmied herself to the edge of her bed. She looked over quietly to see a rather ugly looking stain where she had been fucked on her back the night before.

New sheets weren't too expensive if it won't come out, she thought dismally to herself.

With a grunt, she lifted herself to her hindpaws, grabbed her phone, and made her way to the bathroom to draw a bath. She lowered herself into the tub the moment the tap was warm enough, letting the water slowly rise around her. Exhausted from this monumental task, she rested her head against the sloped garden tub and closed her eyes.

As the water sloshed out with a vengeful roar, she attempted to focus on anything but the dull throbbing in her head.

She needed to apologize to Isaac.

Her claws reached for her phone at the edge of the tub, but she missed and pushed it over the edge. It fell harmlessly to the linoleum floor below with a clatter. The griffin groaned, letting her head roll to the side. Her beak felt like it weighed a hundred pounds, and she just couldn’t manage the effort to sit up. The apology could wait.

As she resigned herself to a temporary breather, memories of the night returned to the griffin one by one. She pictured Molly sleeping peacefully on her couch, unaware of the betrayal happening in the next room. Her heart sank. She barely knew the two, but Mir could only guess they were happily committed to each other. At least, that’s how it seemed. It saddened her to remember just how receptive Isaac was to her advances, and how easily he was convinced to keep going.

Her thoughts then turned to herself, the homewrecker to blame for this whole mess. The griffin groaned and covered her eyes as waves of guilt crashed over her emotions. She tried telling herself that she was a good person, but she certainly did not feel like a good person at that moment. Her guilt only intensified as she battled the raw instincts of her shameful sexual deviance.

The griffin internalized being the stranger. She was the starved and repressed nobody who craved nothing more than intimacy with others, and it led her sexuality to some dark places. She knew full well that she found thrill in last night’s debauchery. In fact, were it not for the crippling hangover she was experiencing, she had no doubt in her mind she would have been masturbating to the thought within minutes of waking up.

But her sense of regret was still stronger, and her rational mind was the one speaking now. It was one thing to degrade her own dignity with these fantasies, but this extended past herself.

If Isaac chose to keep it a secret, he’d carry that guilt with him for the rest of their lives. If he told her, Molly might never be able to trust him again. At best, she’d forgive him and try to salvage the relationship, but the simple innocence would be lost. Tears welled in the griffin’s eyes as she realized how she’d permanently altered that relationship.

With some effort, mir shut the lever to the tap with a hindpaw and choked back tears of self-pity. The dull roar faded to quiet drips as the last bit of water fell into the warm bath below.

Finally, beautiful silence. She exhaled deeply to try and clear her troubled mind and focus on how to word her apology. The griffin relaxed for several minutes, thankful for the warm embrace that carried away the mess between her thighs. She even allowed herself to feel a hint of optimism as she craned over the edge of the bath to retrieve her phone.

She unlocked the screen and opened her messages. There were only five conversations, and none of them were with Isaac or Molly.

The realization hit her that she had never asked for their phone numbers. In fact, she knew nothing about them beyond their first names, and a rapidly hazing recollection of their faces.

“God dammit,” she whispered helplessly, letting her phone fall back to the floor.

The water sloshed as she sank further into the tub. She did not look forward to spending her Saturday nursing this hangover, but maybe she deserved it after what she did.


--------------------

