Crunch, a few heavy breaths, secure rope, repeat. It had been an exhausting climb up the mountain for Anon, but a fun one nonetheless. "Anon," the fictional naysayers in his head began, "this climb is too hard for you, you can't do it." With a smile he dug an ice axe into the frost and smugly secured another screw into the mountainside, which had just begun smoothing back out of a steep incline. He adjusted the heavy parka that protected him from the elements and marveled at the scenery around him. A white expanse that was covered in a lush green beamed back at him. There was a magnificent curve downwards that only exemplified the height he was at. It was picturesque, like something out of the very advertisements that pushed Anon into his first mountain climb.

Anon looked up at the road ahead of him and saw that the side of the mountain became flatter and flatter, a perfect resting spot he figured, since he had been at this for- actually, he wasn't sure how long he was climbing. That must be because of all the fun he was having, he assured himself. Slowly and steadily he made his way up to his designated resting spot. He definitely got the hang of this by now. Having made it to his location, Anon anchored himself at that point and laid down to catch his breath. He let out a short, embarrassing but enjoyable hoot as a sort of cry of victory. The axes he used were stuck firmly in the ice next to him, ready to be used again at a moment's notice.

A few minutes passed of lazily admiring the mountain and the wonderful nature spread out before Anon. The scene dimmed a little, much to his curiosity. Anon looked up at the sky as a cloud began to overtake the sun, then another, and another. An angry gust of wind blew at the climber, bringing a sting of cold. It'll blow over, he figured. The day had been fairly sunny, so this shouldn't last long. One more gust blew at him. The axes next to him shifted slightly under the harsh puff of air.

Then, it happened. A constant streaming flurry hit Anon, causing him to scramble back into a climbing position. Unfortunately for him, an axe had decided enough was enough and promptly popped out of the ice and began sliding away. Strike one. Snow began billowing about, causing him to curse every meteorologist on Earth as he practically shook with the wind, his hand barely keeping a hold on the remaining axe. A distinct clang of metal could be faintly heard in the storm. Anon looked down to see the ropes and their once happily secured screws dancing daintily in the wind. Maybe he shouldn't have skimped out on a few lessons, he figured. Strike two. 

The freak storm had nearly blotted out the sun, and it was becoming increasingly hard to see. Something large collided with the ground next to him. Rocks, it had to be rocks. No way it couldn't be rocks. He was about to be crushed under rocks, in the snow, on a mountain, in the wilderness, away from everything he had ever loved. Strike three. "Fuck climbing," Anon said, quite happy with his last choice of words. Not like anyone would hear them, especially in this weather, but it was a final send off to the first and last time he would scale the side of a mountain.

Something quite physical blocked the sun above the resigned man. Anon braced for sudden pain and hoped at the very least his corpse would be part of a documentary. However, no pain came, instead a curious snorting could be heard over the storm. Odd, seeing as how harsh the wind was violating his ears. It drew closer, and eventually a warm breath was tickling at the side of his face. Something hard poked at his back, causing him to flinch in preparation for pain, but the pokes continued, causing him to squirm uncomfortably. To the best of his ability, Anon tried to look back up again and saw a figure in the haze of snow. So that's what Death looks like, he concluded. The snow began to subside into a constant but not horrible drizzle.

The pokes trailed up from his back to his neck and then head. "Alright, I get it! I'm dead! Haul me off already!" Anon said angrily, he turned his head back towards the ground in annoyance. He still maintained his grip on the axe embedded in the frost.

"What? What?" A voice replied. The poking stopped, thankfully.

"Do your thing!" The man continued with his displeasing tone.

"Are you alright?" The voice had a feminine twinge to it. Confused, Anon looked back up. He was greeted with amber eyes and strange blocky pupils that stared back him, unblinking. "Are you?" Anon released his grip in surprise and tried to back away, or rather, crawl away. At a distance he could better see what he was dealing with. A white figure with devilish gray horns and an odd taste in fashion - at least for this weather - stood before him. It casually walked back over to Anon on jean clad digitrade legs, the slant of the terrain nor the uncertainty of the snow was a problem for it. "Are you lost, maybe?" The satyr-thing extended a hand that had black-tipped nubs at the end of each finger.

It started to dawn on Anon that this thing was actually just a simple goat girl of the mountainous variety, and not some deathly entity wanting to take whatever soul he had left. He relaxed and sheepishly reached up for her hand before pausing and rescinding it, recalling that he's on the side of a mountain in a storm. "Hey, uh, hi there, yeah, uh, do you think you could help me down?" Anon said, his hands desperately trying to cling to the snow pointlessly.

"You're already on the ground," the girl replied, matter-of-factly. She pointed down at the ground for emphasis.

"No, no, no, no, no" Anon let out an awkward laugh, "down off the mountain."

The goat girl stared at Anon for a moment. "There is no way down, not now, not with the snow."

"Oh, yeah, figures, yep, mhmm." Anon clenched his jaw as another snap of wind bit at him.

"But."

"But?" Anon asked, hopefully.

"I know of a place you can wait while the storm moves on."

"Great, great!" Anon said, a little too happily. "Which way? Can you guide me there?"

The girl stared some more. One of her ears twitched. "It will cost you," she replied flatly. Even people up here were dying for cash, apparently.

"Yeah, OK, no problem, just get me there."

"Come." She extended her hand again.

"I'm not good as you at walking around up here-" he was cut off.

"It will be fine, now take my hand." She beckoned with it. Without much of a choice, Anon took her hand and got up on shaky legs. The goat girl gave his hand a light squeeze, one that he could barely feel through the gloves he had on. His crampons helped somewhat in the awkward walk with this goat girl on the mountainside. Anon took the time to look over his paid savior on their strangely casual trip. She clearly had hooves that almost seemed to stick to the floor. A stubby, white tail stuck out of the dark pants she wore. His gaze moved back up. Was that a t-shirt? With a band name on it? "It gets quite cold up here, you should be more careful."

"It's not like I planned to get into a storm."

"You should have." Good point. "Next time you should bring a compatriot, as it also gets quite lonely." There was an awkward pause. "And it's safer, of course."

"Yeah, I'll think about it. Anyways, where are we headed, a lodge?"

"A cave," the girl simply replied.

"Well, beggars can't be choosers," he huffed. Anon was essentially being dragged along at this point, the snow being too uneven for easy steps.

"They cannot," the goat replied, without missing a beat. "Certainly not at this altitude." There was a long string of silence. "Were you aware that the population density of this area is seven people per square mile? I had not expected to find someone here. Rarely do I ever meet someone."

Anon continued to stumble. "Thanks for finding me."

"Your call helped me find you. I had assumed it was a dying animal." Anon recalled his earlier howl and winced in embarrassment.

Anon saw a hole in the distance, the cave, he assumed. It would be nice to get out of this snow, even if he had to walk into some uncomfortable dark hole. The caprine picked up the pace as they neared the cavern, her legs would swap between walking and hopping into a light skipping. Anon struggled to keep upright and he was astounded his hood was still on his head. 

A dull whistle could be heard as they entered the mouth of the cave. The light from outside dimmed as they took a few steps inside. The harsh wind stopped, causing Anon to let out a sigh of relief. The goat girl kept her grip on the man while they continued to walk inwards. "Here we are. This cave should keep you safe from the elements." She turned towards anon. "I'm not certain when the storm will subside, so it'd be best if you stay here. With me." Her hand was stuck to his.

Anon gave an uncertain nod and sat down against the wall of the rocky hole. The caprine suddenly released her grasp and squat opposite to him a few feet away. It was far easier to make out the goat in the protection of the cave. "Anthrax" was emblazoned on the front of her shirt, warped by the cleavage behind it. Her whole outfit was still incredibly bizarre to the man. He was about to ask where she bought digitrade pants, but decided against it. In an effort to break the silence, Anon spoke, "You seem pretty familiar with this place. You like to climb a lot?"

"I live near the base of the mountain, it's a familiar terrain. Unfortunately, few are willing to come and visit." Her hands clasped together, eyes trained on him. Anon wasn't particularly used to dealing with anyone other than humans. It was hard to make out her mood between her strange pupils and stout muzzle, her monotonous voice wasn't helping either. 

"Oh, uh, my name is Anon. Sorry for not introducing myself earlier."

"Emma." She gave a wave, but her expression remained blank.

While the cave was safe, it did little to protect from the cold. Anon took the opportunity to bundle himself up to preserve what little heat he could. Emma seemed fine on her side of the cave, and had it not been for the brutal cold or the fact that they were on a mountain, Anon would have assumed she got back from a casual jog in the park with how relaxed she was.

Was it getting colder? Anon's body began to quiver, his body trying to generate even more heat. Emma sat almost frozen, only her ears could be seen swiveling about and continuing their odd twitching. She was the one to break the silence this time. "If you're that cold, then it seems best to share our body heat." She got up from her crouched position and walked over to Anon.

"I guess? I think I'll be OK." It seemed logical to him, but doing so with someone he met not long ago felt awkward. The goat girl sat down properly next to anon, shifting up next to him as best as she could. That would have been good enough, but then her head met his, and to go one step further, an arm wrapped around him and gave him a squeeze. 

"That should be sufficient," Emma said with a nod. Anon furrowed his brows, unsure how to feel about his situation, this didn't feel quite right. The girl let out a content sigh. Maybe that's just what goats did to keep warm, or something.

"So how much is this going to cost? I think I have twenty bucks on me, didn't think I'd need much cash on the mountains."

"I do not require money." Emma got comfortable against the male.

"Well, I only have a few candy bars on me." It suddenly occurred to him how unprepared he truly was.

"Not that either. Payment will come later, if I deem it." Anon was going to ask what she meant by that, but if he could worm his way out of paying anything, that'd be great. "Were you aware that the temperature can drop to negative seventy degrees below zero here? It's quite handy to have another person for warmth."

"I thought you were pretty warm." Anon realized what he said and rephrased it, "I mean, you looked pretty warm by yourself."

"My fur is quite a good insulator," she said, it almost sounded like she was boasting. Emma raised an arm in front of Anon's gaze. "Would you like to feel it?" He opened his mouth to reply but before he could, the girl spoke again, "Go ahead, it's fine." She nudged into him. Hesitantly, he pulled a hand free and pet the goat's arm, feeling strange all the while. It was surprisingly soft, and the bulk of her arm was actually a deep fur. Anon almost got into feeling the lofty material before shaking his head and rescinding his probing hand. "Lovely, isn't it?" Her arm lowered, this time landing on his lap.

"Sure. Is uh, is that hard to wash?"

"Very. I am sure it would be easier with someone to help. That would be nice." They sat there in a familiar silence for a few moments. "Is all of this clothing uncomfortable?" She pinched at the bulky parka.

"A little, but it's better than going naked." The goat girl mumbled something in response to that but Anon couldn't make it out.

The pair continued to sit together in the cave for quite some time. Anon wanted to start up small chit chat to make the time pass, but he wasn't really sure what he should talk about with this mountain girl. He certainly didn't want to think about climbing the mountain again. "So, you like that band on your shirt?" He refused to point at her breasts.

"This is my mother's shirt."

"Oh." He paused. "Do you know when the storm will end?" Anon asked.

"No." She swiftly replied.

"Right." Anon went back to mulling over his situation. He didn't have to get home any time soon, but he'd rather spend his time elsewhere than in a cave. He supposed it wasn't all bad with someone else here, even if they were a little peculiar.

"Are you sure you're completely warm?" Emma began breathing into her free hand.

"Yeah, I am, really, I-" he was cut off by a warm feeling at his stomach that slowly kneaded into him. The girl had sneaked her hand underneath the pile of clothing he had on. 

"That's better, isn't it?" She continued to push into him. Anon let out a gasp and murmured something. "Pardon?"

"Y-yeah, that's good- better," he stammered. The hand continued to work its way up his stomach and onto his chest, her fur brushing over his sensitive skin pleasingly. Anon breathed sharply through his nose when Emma's fingers would skim against his nipples. "You don't have to do that." The girl gave no reply and carried on with her gentle groping as he squirmed. Her snout moved towards his mouth, her warm breath becoming more and more apparent to Anon.

"Would it be alright if you paid now?" She said in a near whisper. It became clear to Anon what she meant by that, as oblivious as he was.

"I'm not sure that's-" he winced as her hand moved over him, "are you sure that's OK?"

"I have to be compensated somehow." Emma's hand went limp and dragged back downwards across Anon's body. A tingle in his spine grew in intensity as she neared his groin. His heart started beating faster and faster, all the while the girl calmly worked her way into the man's pants. Her fingertips met the base of his shaft, causing his nearly erect dick to twitch in anticipation. The soft hand explored a little further downward, rubbing Anon's balls. Emma then suddenly pulled her hand out, inadvertently causing the man to sigh in disappointment. Her other arm that was wrapped firmly around anon pulled away and then moved into position so that both her hands could work on undoing his pants. Anon's own hands began to move, but he was denied with a simple, "Ah, ah."

The cold air hit Anon's groin as his pants were being carefully removed, causing another sharp inhale. The goat girl spared no time in wrapping her hands around his member and balls. She sat there for a moment, feeling his cock grow more erect in one hand while the other gently massaged his testicles. When he was sufficiently aroused, Emma began to slowly jerk Anon's dick. She watched his expression tremble with pleasure, completely enthused with his reactions. "Oh, I suppose you'll be wanting to do something in return." With that said, one of her hands pulled her shirt up to expose her modest breasts that were topped with cutesy pink nubs. He wasn't sure what to think about the absence of a bra, but he concluded it wasn't a bad thing.

Carefully, Anon worked his hands up to her chest and began to grope at them through gloved hands. It didn't take long for him to discard those and grab at them directly. He started off slowly as she did with him, gently rubbing, squeezing, and circling around her teats. Emma's own blank stare began to melt as he poked and prodded at her tits, causing him to relax in knowing that she was clearly enjoying this. He had to stop for a moment as she leaned down and began to lick at his cock. His heart leaped as her wet tongue graced the head in small licks. Emma pulled back up and Anon dutifully kept on giving her breasts attention. "I'm not fond of that taste, sorry," she said disappointedly.

A hand left his crotch and went to work on the girl's pants. "One moment," she said, and stood up. Her jeans suddenly fell to her hooves in a pile, leaving only a set of black underwear covering her privates. She used her thumbs to hook into her panties and pull them down at the sides, soon joining her pants on the floor. A pink slit stood out against her white fur, vaguely glistening in what light was coming into the cave. Her hand moved to her pussy and she slipped a finger in, for a split second her expression changed and snapped back to blank. "I think I'm ready now. I hope this makes up for the oral portion."

"Over here," Emma beckoned while she began to lay down on the rocky ground. Anon nearly leaped from his spot to move in-between the girl's legs. He stopped as his erection neared her awaiting lips.

"Are you sure about this? I mean, I don't really know-" he was cut off again.

"Do it," the goat girl said, eyes narrowing, creating a striking stare with her rectangular pupils. Anon swallowed and took his cock in one hand, slowly pressing the head against the caprine's warm entrance. She let out a quivering breath and watched intently as best she could from her position. He pressed gently into her, trying to make the start as smooth as possible. Her insides resisted at first, but surely enough they gave away. She appeared to brace herself with clutched fists while being penetrated, ending with a squeak. The two began to melt into the warmth of each other's bodies as Anon slowly moved his hips against Emma's own.

Everything was going along splendidly until Anon looked down to better enjoy their love making. Spatters of red were present on each other's groin, causing the man's eyes to widen. Emma nodded softly and gave a small smile. That was a clear confirmation of her intent, but her adorable mannerisms and fragile appearance at that moment only made Anon move slower in worry. He continued with the gentle rocking until a light tap on his hand urged him to go faster.

Anon eventually returned to his regular pace and watched Emma for any signs of discomfort. Her visage was beginning to take on a pleased grin while her hands were face up at the sides of her head. Back and forth the couple moved, feeling every bit of each other's bodies as they connected. Feeling the rigid cock inside of her and the man enjoying her pleasant hasty constrictions push against him. It was a comforting bliss that was only furthered by enjoying the heat they generated.

Another tap came, a little more forceful this time. The man picked up the pace further, causing the caprine's breasts to take on a subtle bounce, moving them up and down almost hypnotically. Emma probably would've leaned her head all the way back with the expressions she was making, but her horns managed to prevent that. Her head craned back down, eyes darting back and forth between the love making and Anon's own pleased face. Her hand beckoned him like before, prompting him to lean forward, now nearly laying on top of her while he continued to push into her fold. 

Emma began plating delicate kisses on Anon's cheek before trailing her way to his mouth. They shared a few more pecks until the goat girl gave him a large smooch that ended with her tongue making its way into the man's mouth. She let out a happy hum that resonated in his mouth while the goat's tongue ran over his own in broad strokes. He began to push back with his own, and soon they were both dancing around one another's tongues, sampling tastes.

One last time, a frantic tap came to Anon's hand. He barely noticed in his sexual stupor with Emma, but he was happy to oblige. His hands moved to her hips, increasing his thrusts in time with pulling her against his hips. Emma moaned into his mouth, exciting him into moving faster. Despite her furred body, the slaps of lover on lover were beginning to echo through the cave. The man's dick twitched inside the goat girl's electrified pussy, it pushed back in response, pushing Anon to a closer edge.

Anon groaned and pushed his hips forward as hard as he could. A load of semen shot out of him, straight into Emma's awaiting passage. Maybe it was Emma's rapturous moaning or her rhythmic constrictions, he wasn't sure. A few more of the sticky ropes shot out again and again in an animalistic desire to breed. He gave a few more tired thrusts, spreading his seed about. The additional warmth and trickles of cum dancing about Emma's insides pushed her to a much more reserved orgasm, in which she squeezed Anon's hips with her thighs and let out a few muffled squeals.

Their mouths parted, with only a strand of spittle to connect the two of them. Through heavy breaths, Anon apologized, "Sorry, I shouldn't have..." he trailed off into more strained breathing. Emma merely stared back with half open eyes, her breathing slow and prolonged. Her arms stretched out, begging him for an embrace that he tiredly but gladly accepted. They laid there for a while, recuperating their energy, still joined at the hips.

Emma's mouth pushed against Anon's ear. "We should get going soon." They continued to lay there. "The storm is about to end." 

Wait. 

Her head nuzzled against his. "I picked a good father," she mumbled.

What?