Every time. Every time you try to relax it's always something. So much for the nap, you sigh as you look up from your hammock in the shade, and turn towards the voice calling your name across the yard. Myria, your fox-like alien neighbor, always seems to find you any time you're outside, and you almost have to wonder if she's somehow watching and waiting just to ask for your help.

"Oh! I do hope I am not disturbing you too much!" Myria apologizes as she trots over to you. "I know I seem like I am always asking for your assistance, but this time I have an issue that I could really use someone like you to aid me 
	
Smiling and nodding you let the red and white furred fox continue, her ears folding down atop her head and tail wrapping around her left leg just like every time she does this. "As you know, this colony is a mixed colony funded by the different planets of the federation, and part of the conditions of cooperation is the ability to provide services to all of the member species. Humans are such a minority on Palma though, that it makes certain things somewhat more complicated. You are actually the only one I know!"

"Really? That's kind of a surprise to hear. There aren't any other humans at the colonial learning center you're at?"

The fox shakes her head. "There is one other there, but she would not have time enough to help with this endeavor. I fear that you may be my only choice for this, outside of putting in a formal request to the learning center office, and even then a response may take some time."

The genuine look of desperation in your neighbor's face makes it so difficult to say no, even if you did want to spend your time off from work just relaxing. You agree to help her, quickly changing the vixen's sad expression to an elated one as she claps her hands together in joy. Myria pulls her mutli-comm device out from her dress pocket and messages you the room and time details for whatever it is that you've somehow been roped into -- a week's worth of two-hour morning classes.

Myria, of course, gives you another one of her "kisses" before she leaves, giggling like a voxian girl more your age as she leans over and licks your nose. Over the years you've come to terms with the oddity of alien culture, but still wish it didn't always seem to leave you so... messy.

The next week comes about without incident, giving you at least a short time to rest and ready yourself before taking the train over to the learning center. A final moment of curious worry flashes through your mind as you stand outside the classroom door, still being unsure exactly what it is that you were going to be doing inside. Knowing that you would look more and more silly the longer you stood idly outside, however, you finally accept your fate and open the door.

An uneasy silence greets you as you walk in over to Myria. "Oh wonderful! You are here just on time!" The fox professor proclaims, quickly introducing you to the small class. Besides yourself and Myria, the few filled seats included three of a mouse-like species, the skarn, two other voxians, and one of another more minor race that you could not remember the name of but looked a bit like a Terran weasel or ferret.

Naturally, you had about as much to say to the group of aliens as they did to you, although you could not help but notice and wonder that all of them were females, or at least appeared so. It made sense for the skarn, as they were very dimorphic with cultural roles. The rest, well, they were probably similar. Hard to say, since alien races can sometimes be so alien.

Regardless of whatever the case might have been though, Myria introduced you to the class and vice versa, prompting you to forget everyone elses names almost as quickly as they said them. Electronic translators in everyone's multi-comms or not, remembering and pronouncing so many weird names is always tough.

"Now that we have all know our special guest for the week, let us begin with the demonstration that everyone has been looking forward to." The older fox stood behind you and placed her hands on your shoulders, as if treating you like a lecture prop. "We have already covered the book and diagram portion of medical anatomy for humans, so now this week will be spent becoming familiar with humans in a much more hands-on way."

Hands on?! It took every ounce of willpower you had to keep the panic you were suddenly feeling hidden inside. "Err, Miss Myria, you didn't mention that this was going to be something like that."

"Did I not? Oh dear. It must have slipped my mind." The fox lowers her head next to yours, practically touching your ear with her whiskery muzzle. "This will not be a problem, will it?"

There was only one answer you are able to give in that situation, seemingly surrounded by coercive stares and grins from all sides.

"Good! Good! Then we can get started! Have a seat up here on the edge of the table in front of the class and get comfortable." As you hop up onto the table, Myria grabs her instructional materials, then raises her head to suddenly continue. "Oh! And would you kindly remove your shirt for us? We won't be getting to what is under your pants today, so you can leave those on for now."
  
Your hands quickly go to follow the instructions, but your mind does not agree so easily with it. There isn't anything you need to hide from these anthros, it's just that this is probably the most embarrassing thing you have ever done and you cannot say why. The irrationality of it is the worst part.
   
The professor stands beside you looking your exposed body up and down as much as the students were. "Okay class, this is a typical human. A male one too. As you know I was unable to get Miss Astril to help with this demonstration as she was too busy, but humans do not differ too significantly between their sexes. Other than the respective reproductive organ differences, human males tend to be slightly larger than their females. In all basic medical respects, they can be treated as exactly the same."

Myria glances to her notes as you try to keep a straight face and friendly smile. Can they smell fear? You know voxians don't have much better noses than you do, but what about the mice? And that weasel? They know that you're sweating bullets. You just know that they know,

"Ah, yes, that is right -- humans also produce milk for their young, similar to voxians and marusts. Only their females produce the milk too, despite their males possessing the same glands on their chests." The voxian professor circles a hand around one of your breasts, attempting to indicate its relative flatness compared to her own bust. "But this is all just a minor detail. It is unlikely that emergency medical care for humans will ever involve needing to know such things."

One of the mice -- the tan-and-white furred one -- raises her hand to speak. "Why do some species have enlarged breasts anyway? Skarn can give plenty of milk even though we're no larger than the human here."

"A good question! I believe it is more a social trait rather than a food trait. At least that is what researchers from Voxia have determined is the case for our species. There may be some difference when it comes to humans, but I am not enough of a specialist to know."

Several of the other students add to the tangential discussion, before Myria interrupts and restarts her lecture. "If you want to know more, the learning center does offer a course on human studies."
    
Your eyebrows shoot up in shock at aside you swear you hear whispered between two of the skarn. There was no way you were going to be quote-unquote "studied" in that manner! At least probably! Right?
    
"Now, as I am sure you all can see, one of the most defining traits for humans is their relative lack of fur," Myria brushes her hand up your arm and down your belly, lightly tracing a single claw against your skin. "There is a comparatively negligible amount of fur, or hair as humans call it, all over their bodies, but is primarily concentrated in a few places. The head, around the sexual organs, and under the arms at the shoulder."

Her pointing and touching hand travels to each spot in succession, causing you to giggle and laugh unexpectedly as the soft fur tickles the underside of your arm. The class joins in the laughter as Myria attempts to force your arm to stay upright against the involuntary squirming you were doing. "Stop! Stop! That tickles!"
    
"Tickles?" Your vixen assailant responds, eventually stopping after you manage to push yourself away from her. "What is a tickle? I am not aware of any bodily response which voxians have similar to what just happened to you."
    
It takes a moment for you to catch your breath and stop laughing. "Tickling is, uhh, like a weird pleasure-pain thing. It's not painful like getting yourself hurt, but it can be really overwhelming. I don't really know how to explain it. It's something you have to experience to know. I'm sure all the rest of you have odd bodily functions that us humans don't too, and would have just as much trouble trying to tell me what they were."
    
Two of the mice look at each other and smirk. The professor, on the other hand, seems equal parts stumped and accepting of the attempted explanation. "Well, possibly, I suppose. What other reactions might humans have to being touched, in that case? Do you experience a peaceful calming feeling if patted on the head or scratched behind the ears?"
    
"No, not really." "There's the couple of usual spots we're ticklish at, but nowhere that gives any special response. Why?" You reach for Myria's head, just behind her ears like she mentioned, desiring a tit-for-tat after being so overwhelmed a few minutes prior. "Does something happen to voxians if they're touched there?"
    
The professor's hands weakly resist your scritching as the other two fox students gasp inaudibly. Myria closes her eyes and pushes her head into your fingers, her mumbled words trying to somehow tell you to stop and to keep going at the same time. It isn't until she loses strength in her legs and falls into you that you realize that you may have taken this all a little too far! You catch the vixen before she can hit her body on anything dangerous and attempt to sit her on the table.
    
"Oh my gosh! I-I cannot believe you did that to professor Pelnor like that!" The silver-furred and very clearly flustered fox student buries her face in her hands, embarrased at things you don't understand in the slightest.
    
"Yeah! That was so incredibly lewd!" The other voxian adds in, the orange fur of her face seeming almost as red underneath as Myria's is normally.
    
Confused, and now panicking again, you back away from the wobbly vixen as much as possible while still being able to support her body upright. "Wait, what did I do? I don't understand. What was so bad about that?"
    
Myria answers with a giggle, climbing back to her feet again. "Scratching a voxian of the opposite sex behind the ear to the point where they can no longer stand is an act reserved only for lovers, in our culture. I think I will make an exception for my good human neighbor, however!"
    
One of the mice and the sole weasel let out long "ohhh's" of revaluation, equally unaware of the specifics of fox behavior. This did little to help alleviate your worry, however.
    
"It seems like class will probably end early today, as this unexpected turn of events has certainly made things difficult to continue with. We will pick up again tomorrow, class, but without these kinds of interruptions." The students quickly pack up and go, leaving you standing alone with Myria and feeling embarrassed.
    
"Before you say it, there is no need to apologize for what happened. I know I should have stopped you before things got out so out of control, but, between you and me, your hand just felt so nice. It had been so long since anyone did that to me, that I could not help myself. Do not let it bother you!"
    
For what little consolation it provided, you try to brush the whole thing off with a laugh. There legitimately was no way of knowing what you did was so... so naughty. "Do you still want me to come back tomorrow?"
   
"Oh yes, of course! We still have so much more of you to show off!"