SIDE STORY

FCP: NEON EXCHANGE


	Micheal sat at the bar of Event Horizon on the orbital ring station of earth. The music filling in for background noise in his ears as he sipped on his whiskey and stared out one of the windows to the crest of earth at sunset. Head falling back to hang over his glass with a sigh Mike could only think back to how he'd gotten into the situation of drinking alone and began talking to himself. "Yeah don't worry man! I'll be with you the whole night and I'll even help you talk up some ladies! Fuckin asshole...dropped my ass the moment he could." 
	A sudden shift in music got the crowds in the club to move from the dance floor to the bar crowding Mike on both sides and it seemed his ramblings had brought attention that he didn't need right now. "Sorry if I'm prying but is there a reason you're drinking alone?" Mike looked to his right where the voice had originated and met the eyes of a young sentre woman. Dark brown fur nearing black made her large yellow eyes seem to shine brighter in the neon lights of the club and her fur faded to white when it neared her chin and continued down her throat. Her large pointed ears had specially made sentre sound dampeners so the loud music wouldn't harm her sensitive ears. "Uhm you OK? You're staring."
	"Oh ah sorry... Just didn't expect to have someone throw me into a conversation today. That...that was rude, I'm Micheal." He outstretched a hand expecting a handshake and remembered sentre don't shake hands ever since they found out humans make their pets that sometimes look extremely similar to them do the same thing. "Right forgot about shaking hands."
	"You don't talk to many sentre do you?" The woman chuckles to herself in a chuffing laugh at Mike's expense. "Don't sweat the small stuff, I'm Shian. Now that we've introduced ourselves do you have an answer?" 
	"Yeah my friend isn't a very good buddy and left me high and dry. Said it was going to be a good night and stick together but left me the first chance he could. I'm starting to think it's just a hilarious game to him to trick me before I snap and beat his ass." Another swig from his glass slid down Mike's throat attempting to push the harsh feelings back down with the burning sensation and the beginning of inebriation setting in.
	"Doesn't sound like a friend really, more like some intrent you know." The woman takes a seat and grabs the bar tenders attention. "One of what he's having." The male bartender give and affirmative grunt as he prepares a glass without a hassle and slides it to her on the counter top.
	"Are you sure that you can handle that? I've heard sentre are uhm...lightweights when it comes to drinking." Mike winced when he saw the look of betrayal and hurt wash over Shian's features as she look over the human.
	Leaning into his space she let the hurt look fade into a smug Cheshire grin. "Afraid I'll whoop your ass in a drinking contest? How about we go drink for drink?" Shian rolls the shallow glass in her hand letting the ice clink against the sides. 
	Mike meets her smile from his side of the conversation. "Alright, how about we make it a game? You ask a question and you drink. After that you have to answer and so on."
	"You are so on! So where are you from?" Shian takes a sip from her glass giving a short cough. "Oh god that's terrible! How do you drink this stuff?"
	"That's another question." Mike chuckles as Shian curses and takes another sip as the colors of the neon club continue to glow around her.

	Two glasses. Mike sat in awe of Shian completely wasted after only two glasses of whiskey. He cut her off and decided that she should switch over to water to hopefully avoid the hangover she would be reeling from tomorrow. "I'm not even sure if you'll be able answer me coherently but do you live close by? Need to make sure you get back without passing out in an alley or in a common area." Mike slams back the rest of his glass finishing up the game they had been playing.
	"Dyoo think thaet Imm too stupyd to get bak by mys'lf?? Y problbly fergot that Im eh navigiter on eh starsh'p! Dum hansom hume..." That she was but her slurring and swaying led Mike to believe that she will definitely need someone to carry her at some point. 
	"Shian I'm not saying you're not capable when sober but you definitely just need help getting back. Besides I don't mind carrying you." Mike finishes with a smile and a wink that gets quite the reaction out of the sentre woman.
	Flustered and stammering Shian can't even form a coherent sentence and just pulls her ears over her eyes. Mumbling to herself Mike looks to the bartender and flashes his personal data pad and paid off the tab. With his self blinded new friend in tow he walks her out of the neon lit club and out into the main passage of the earth ring station. "Sho imbarashing..."
	Walking her to the high speed rail she pulls out her own data pad and were welcomed aboard by the AI. "Welcome back miss Shian, just heading home this evening?" She gives a simple grunt and the AI brings her attention to Mike. "Did she drink too much Mike?"
	"Yeah, just taking her back to her place. Y'know sentre and alcohol." rolling his eyes as Shian kept mumbling about her dumb gear headed friend.
	"I've forwarded her address to your device. Just make sure she gets home safe." The AI blinks out and a small train shortly after pulls into the station. Climbing in Shian plops down onto one of the seats and and begins to lean on Mike's shoulder.