Study Break, by the TrashMan

~
Testing the doorknob, you find it turns and the door opens without resistance. You step into the dorm room, one hand holding a plastic bag of Chinese food from the student union building. It’s dark and you nearly trip on a wastebasket before your eyes adjust slightly to the dim.

The only illumination in the space is the soft glow of a laptop, which lit up the face and slender form of the gazelle lounging on one of the dorm’s two beds, tapping away at the keyboard.

“You know it’s not good to use electronics in the dark like this, Ambar,” you say, nudging the basket back into place and tip toeing over and around garments, books, and other student’s belongings strewn across the floor “hurts your eyes, especially a grazer like you.”

“It gets hot with the light on, and these crappy dorms don’t have AC,” she responds dryly, not looking up. You make it to the bedside and set the bag on the dresser.

“Grub’s here babe,” you say, rifling through the warm cardboard boxes of rice and vegetables. You kneel down and she finally turns away from the screen, shaking her long twisted horns and tousle of hair, leaning over and pressing a kiss onto your lips.

“Thanks for coming over, I didn’t have time to grab dinner at the dining hall.”

You grimace and kick off your shoes “Term paper giving you that much trouble?” she’d been buried in the rows and pages of words on that screen for days now.

She sighs and arches her slim back, and her spine pops and crackles. She settles back into her typing pose and gives you an apologetic look.

“Almost there. I promise I won’t be stuck in this room forever. I’ll take a break soon”

You groan and flop onto the mattress beside her, sidling up shoulder to shoulder and staring idly at the screen. You note that at least she’s been keeping up with hygiene.

“Hey, c’mon babe, you know I don’t like you reading while I’m working,” she chides, bumping you away. You sigh and plant your face into the mattress for a few seconds then rise up to seating, legs dangling off the bed and facing the wall.

You let out a bored quiet raspberry and look around, eventually finding your gaze land on Ambar’s body, no longer obscured by your unadjusted eyes. The dorm was indeed quite warm, and the gazelle was dressed appropriately. Her strong, curvy legs worked up to thick thighs and a plump round butt over which a pair of the skimpiest, shortest short shorts were stretched, soft plume of her tail standing up. Her bare, taut lower back showed her soft brown fur until her upper body was covered in an equally immodest red top. You can see the hugging fabric outline perky breasts that you know are so wonderfully soft.

Your cock begins to stir and harden and you glance at the dorm’s second bed. 

“Where’s Sarah?” you ask. Ambar snorts.

“Out at a party or something; shows what I know about picking majors if she’s got this much free time.”

Your hands subtly undo your jeans and you sidle them off, along with your boxers. By this time, Ambar is once again engrossed in her work. You scoot back on the bed and carefully straddle  her outstretched legs.

There’s a quiet *plap* as you bury your face into the gazelle’s booty. She bucks a little and makes a shocked sound, hair whipping as she looks back at you reproachfully.

“Hey, knock it off! I gotta get this done!”

You don’t answer; you don’t even lift your face from her butt. Instead you sigh appreciatively and savor the feeling of her cheeks smothering your face. Through the shorts you can feel your lips brush the protrusion of her mound and you press in, kissing the warm, covered lips. Her well muscles calves come together, gripping your cock. You rock your hips forward lightly, sliding your hard cock between them and the fabric of the bedsheets.

“N-no, nooo, not nowwww,” she pleads, ears back and delicate muzzle set back in a pout. She bucks again, not all too forcefully, and only manages to smush her pussy against your face. Your tongue darts out, brushing the fabric and tracing the lines of her nethers through it.

She makes a stifled moan and grinds her hips, rubbing her sex against your face. “D-Damn it,” she mutters. You reach up and grip her thin waist, raising your head and nuzzling the base of her soft tail, which flutters a little at your touch.

“God you’re cute,” you say to the tail. She snorts and shakes her horns indignantly, blushing. “Hey, you’re pushing too hard. We both need a little break.”

Her light green eyes flick to meet yours and she bites her lip, closing the laptop and raising her ass up a little. You clamber up and over, knees spread out and cock hanging over her raised hindquarters. You tug down her shorts, exposing a glistening slit and lips in the patch of white surrounded by her brown furred hindquarters

You slide in easy, but Ambar’s pussy is snug. She puffs a strong breath through her nose and her ears twitch. Bracing your arms, you pump your hips, groin patting against her round soft ass.

The gazelle has never been quiet during lovemaking. Soon she is moaning and cursing, pulling at the bedsheets with greater volume as you increase the speed and force of your thrusts.

Each pound is cushioned by her butt, and then a returning bounce comes from the mattress. Her full, heavy breasts wobble under her top, nipples hard and poking through the fabric. You reach out one hand and cup one.

When you rise up and seize Ambar’s horns, feeling cool smooth horn and the cold metal of the ring adorning one spike, she begins to lose control. Fucking her jiggling ass, back arched and horns gripped like handles, hips thrusting into her tight, slick pussy, she eggs you on with wild heat, tail tickling your belly.

These dorms were pretty cheaply built, and you both know that through the thin walls your neighbors would almost certainly hear the sound of the gazelle having her brains fucked out, and the knowledge of this in some perverse way makes your lust grow even fiercer.

“Hey girl, just needed to run back for a few secs ‘kay? I’ll be right ou-“

The door had swung open and the light flicked on, and Sarah, vulpine body draped in a provocative short skirted dress, stood in the doorway. She stares, open mouthed as you and Ambar roughly mate on the bed.

“Get out!” you both shout in unison.

Blushing through her red fur, Sarah quickly turned, fluffy tail whipping about, flicked the switch and pulled the door shut behind her “Okayhavefunseeyoubyeeeeee!”

Beneath you, Ambar pants, tits dislodged from her top and hanging freely. She looks up at you, eyes widened. “My roommate just saw…”

“Us,”

“Fucking?”

“Yeah…”

“Yeah…”

Suddenly you’re on your back and Ambar is straddling you, bouncing on your cock, hair and breasts swinging wildly. She plants her hands on your chest and licks her lips. 

“That’s kinda hot.”

By the time your and her lust is satisfied, the takeout would have long gone cold, and the unfinished paper completely forgotten for the night. But come the morning, still tangled around her body, you would both feel completely free of the worries of college work.