You were a sniper; and snipers keep their distance. A sniper’s nest is to be as isolated as possible from the mania of combat, and must have a good vantage point to take a shot. The rifle is a precise tool, but the accuracy is all on the gunman. Therefore, the sniper must stay as calm as possible to line the shot to their prey. You knew this. And that’s why you were so good at taking shots. But snipers need to be adaptable to the unpredictability of warfare, just like any other combatant. That was your Achilles’ heel. 
A kid, a young gorilla, decided to run up to you. He ran towards a sniper. Maybe it was desperation, stupidity, anger, grief that you just killed his friends, or a mixture of all of them. His decision was clearly impulsive, but he adapted to it, unlike you. The kid ran in zig-zags, rolled, leaped between cover, and on several instances he stopped in his tracks. You weren’t confident in close quarters combat, so you weren’t calm about the situation. And because you weren’t calm, you couldn’t line the shot. He then brought the mania of combat to you, threw a bitch of a punch on your face and landed a shot on your shoulder. He could have killed you if he wasn’t pistol whipped in the back of the head by one of your buddies, Fay Spaniel, a white furred cocker spaniel that sported an iconic bright red bow on the top of her head. 
Overall, the day’s mission was a success: the team was paid handsomely, the kid that beat your ass was in the brig of the Great Fox with a minor concussion at worst, and your wound was healing very well. In fact, it was her medical handiwork that saved your arm in the first place. As for Fay, you wanted to personally thank her for saving your arm and life. 
You make your way to her Fay’s room in the crew quarters to her room and ring the bell. Her chipper voice announced, “It’s open!” You press the button and the door slides open. Fay is fighting with knots in her head fur, bow standing proudly. You try to not let your eyes wander, she was just wearing a white tee-shirt that blended in too well with her white fur and just red panties. It helped to focus on the bow to make it seem like you were looking at her blue eyes. Snipers had to stay calm after all. “Go nuts, buddy!” You keep your cool and giver a warm thanks. “Don’t worry about, pal! At Star Fox, we look out for each other. Also, are you free?” You weren’t. You volunteered for guard duty for the kid. He’s barely 16, and has had it pretty rough. You weren’t oblivious to the species dynamics in Lylat. Apes got shit on, and Andross capitalized on their misery to build an ethno state empire. You figured that he needed another primate to keep him in check. Besides, the camera in there need repairs. “Relax, I’m not a monster. I got it. Rest up.” 
You followed her instructions, and it payed off. It didn’t heal fully, but you could still shoot well on missions, minus Fay, of course. But apparently the hostilities were still there. Fay informed the team that she had to kill him in self-defense via gunshot. She already took care of cleanup and any write-ups while everyone else was away. The rest of the team moved on well, even Falco thought it was a good riddance, but you felt a little guilty. Ironically, you had a few good conversations. If you two weren’t enemies, then there could have been a good friendship going on. But at least he trusted you, and from what he said he just wanted to watch Zonessian anime in peace. 
It felt wrong to simply move on and just forget about the boy. You needed closure. The more isolated rooms of the ship was a data room that collected more dust than visitors. In there was a terminal that you logged into easily. All it took was finding the right folder and the dates for the security cameras. Sure, the ones in the brig were broken, but there were surrounding cameras that could provide audio. But there was a folder for the brig’s cameras lasting over the course the past few days. You picked one.
	You felt sick after seeing that. You abandoned him, let her do that to him, and because you didn’t keep your distance you felt all the pain of losing him like that. You quickly shuffled your way through the halls back to your room, doing your best to stay quiet. Entering your quarters, you lock the door and sit onto your bed cursing at yourself for getting attached to him in the first place. Snipers need to stay calm. Taking deep breaths, you slowly got back to your senses. What could you do now? Evidence. The least you could do is give him justice. Maybe you had a flash drive to copy the videos to and show Fox. Then the familiar slide of the door interrupted your thoughts. 
That fucking bow.
	No matter how much discipline you had, it was thrown away in your paralysis. You expected yourself to be angry. But you were just scared. “The door’s locking system sucks. It’s not your fault, Fox just sucks with money.” She said casually as she sat next to you. “It wasn’t your fault that he got what he got. It wasn’t mine either. It was his. We look out for each other her at Star Fox. Understand? Besides we can all forget about it-I deleted it after you left.” You didn’t even look at her. “Lay down and relax. I want to show how much I care about you.” She said in a warm, motherly tone. You nervously decline, but she demanded it. Fay drew her claws into your injured shoulder, forcing you to fall on the bed and keel over in reflex. With her free arm, she opened you by planting her hand on your free shoulder. Then for a second, the both of you made eye contact. Her blue eyes once soft and humbling, were now something feral and foreign. 
	Snipers stay calm. So you got control of your breath a little more, but not until she planted her ass onto your crotch, forcing you to take heavier breaths. Something about the drive in her face seemed alluring; likable, even. Her grasp on your injury gave you a rush that kept you alert on every increment of her actions. “See, not too bad! Right? You want this.” Fay then began to grind her hips against you. “See? I care,” she moved her head down to your ear, “and I love you.” Fay took an arm and wormed her way into your pants. “I see you love me, too.” You took this opportunity to push her off, but she snapped back by holding your neck in her jaws. Every movement in protest was met with a tighter squeeze. But for every squeeze, a certain muscle jumps to your dismay. You didn’t need two corpses aboard the Great Fox, so you submitted and relaxed your arm. She lets go and licks at your neck happily. She was quick to undo both of your pants, tail wagging in excitement as she slipped off her shirt and bra. Strangely, her bow was left on.
	You weren’t sure if humans and Lylatians could crossbreed, but it didn’t matter, she was clearly wanting by the drool from both sets of lips. With a surprising amount of ease, she slipped in, shivering and squealing in response as she hilts. The sight was in a way sexy and cute in contrast to the context. Uncaring for your injury she grips both shoulders for as she slides up and down, making a rhythm between wet slaps and the creaking of the bed. Fay’s gasps and moans were heavy, and occasionally interrupted by cute squeaks and peeps that complimented her fluffy tail that had run amok in joy and small breasts that moved in small circles. 
	She lay down, breasts on you, lapping at your neck with the occasional nibble and increased the pace of her pumping. Then you did something stupid. Grazing your hands across her thighs, you clutch her ass and add more force to her bouncing. You were supposed to hate this. Supposed to. But now you were thrusting upward to meet her fall. You were approaching the end, and her breaths only got more jagged. Then she clamped at your neck again. Hard. Heat and pain enveloped your neck as she drew blood, licking in fervor. One last slam, and you both convulsed relieving you of your pressure. Fay let go and moved in for a kiss. 
You tasted blood. You had a feeling that you would taste that more often.