"Are you enjoying your meal?" a frog girl asked the human male opposite to her. She took a bite of thin slice pizza and swallowed it effortlessly.

"Mhmm," her partner hummed, chewing on his own slice. This was the couple's third date, so they decided to continue on their casual meetings by going to this local pizza parlor. It was a nice little place with only a few patrons, but it was perfect for the two while they awkwardly chatted and secretly admired one another. The man swallowed. "How about yours, Abelle?" The woman stuffed the last bit of crust in her mouth and finished off her pizza. She took a napkin and wiped off her hands, then her comparatively large lips.

"Lovely," she replied with a smile. The frog girl was conservatively dressed, like she had just come from church as her boyfriend, Alex, would put it. A long sleeved blouse hung from her frame that showed off her curves, topped off by an adorable scarf at the neck and a long skirt that hugged her waist below. Her skin was a soft green that was dotted with white spots and incredibly smooth to the touch. Happy black eyes looked at the world around her, having a vaguely feminine appearance to them. Her large pupils sometimes made it hard for others to notice where she was looking, which she started taking advantage of during these dates. 

Alex was always surprised at how quickly Abelle downed her meals, at times making him seem like a child in comparison. Well, she was at least slightly larger than him, but still. The man was far more casually dressed, with a pair of jeans and a shirt he picked at random and for all that he knew, he probably wore the day before. Worn out sneakers covered his feet with laces that had started to thin out. At times, he wondered how he even managed to convince Abelle into going out with him, let alone multiple times.

The pair lapsed into an awkward silence that they never knew how to break out of. The green girl decided to begin as she grabbed her can of juice off the table, "Did you hear they're going to expand the theme park at Weston street?" she slowly sipped the beverage, waiting for a response.

Alex stopped his wandering gaze and focused back on Abelle. "Oh, wow, really? I used to go all the time there as a kid. The swinging pirate ship thing was my favorite," he replied.

"It was mine too! I'm surprised I've never thrown up after riding it, especially after all the cotton candy," she giggled. "I wonder if we ever saw each other there?" She set the can back down.

"Not sure, I think I was too busy screaming my head off to notice anyone else." Abelle laughed again, imagining the whole scenario. "We should go there when it reopens," he suggested, hoping for another date. The frog girl nodded in agreement causing Alex's heart to flutter a little. A warm smile grew on his face. He looked down at the girl's crumb riddled plate. "Let me get that for you," he said and snatched up the plate along with his own.

"Thank you." Abelle watched him walk away. A thought nudged at the back of her mind. She wanted to invite him over to her apartment for a movie if at all possible. Despite her calm and relaxed demeanor, public places weren't her forte, so she had hoped to open up more in a more private environment. It was also an opportune time to steal a kiss. She held on that thought for a moment and folded her hands together in a happy embarrassment.

Alex returned to find his partner staring down at her hands, a very subtle smile on her face. "Everything OK?" he asked. Abelle snapped out of her thoughts and nodded vigorously.

"Absolutely. Ah, but, I have something to ask," she hastily replied. She balled her hands into fists to prepare herself for his response.

The human leaned in and asked, "Sure, what is it?" While awaiting her question, he thought about how cutely she pronounced 'th' sounds with her smaller teeth, like a slight, hardly noticeable lisp.

"Do you think we could- gobacktomyhomeforamovie?" She winced at the question, her fists hardened. Her eyes moved back and forth between Alex and her lap.

Alex was overjoyed, but he tried to not show it in his voice. "Yeah, of course I would!" Didn't quite make it. "Are you ready to go now?" Actually, he didn't make it at all. 

Abelle stood up and picked up her purse from her chair. "I certainly am." The pair started walking out together, though of course Alex had to rush ahead and open the door for the frog girl. Feeling emboldened from securing another date and being invited over to her place, the man gently grabbed at Abelle's hand, who gave no protest and even squeezed his hand in response. The two were a very strange, almost opposite, couple and differed in appearance radically, making their confident hand-in-hand stroll down the sidewalk an interesting sight to behold.

"You don't live too far from here, right?" The human asked, his head had to slightly move up to meet the girl's gaze.

"Only a block away now," she cheerfully replied. She looked up at the expanse of sky above them. "It was a lovely day today." The sun had just begun to set, turning the sky into a comfortable dull blue. "I've been hoping for some rain, though, it feels wonderful on the skin. Do you like the rain?"

Alex considered the question. "Maybe when I'm indoors. I don't really like getting soaked," he replied. The frog girl remembered the differences in skin and of course general physiology. She rubbed a finger across the back of his hand, feeling his funny bumpy hide. "You know, bundling up and relaxing?"

Abelle pondered his response, imagining snuggling up against him while the rain pattered against the windows in a delightful rhythm. "That does sound nice, though I'm still not sure it's better than feeling the rain pour onto you." She gave a silly smile. They had nearly made it to the frog girl's home, and both of them were growing in excitement with each step forward. A tall grey building came into view. It didn't stand out much from its architectural brethren, but it wasn't an exact copy either. It had more windows, for one, and a few decorated balconies gave it more life.

Alex peered at the top. "Are we going to have to climb that?" he joked. Though, he started to wonder if she actually could.

"No worries, I live at the bottom here, ground floor." She fished out her keys from her purse as they approached the door. Slight nervousness got the better of her while trying to unlock the door, but fortunately Alex didn't notice. The door swung open and they walked inside, still keeping a firm grip on one another's hands. Alex tried not to gawk at her house, but he was still intensely interested in what her abode was like. "Welcome!" she said happily, her other hand raised in presentation. 

The foyer was a short hallway that led to a poorly lit living room. On either side was a closed door, rooms of mystery to the man. Abelle actually felt embarrassment when walking past them, since one was her bedroom and this was the first time a male had gotten anywhere near it. Alex continued to look around, making a mental note of every detail. They moved into the living room, which was only furnished with a leather couch at one end and a flatscreen on a table at the other end. A kitchen with regular appliances could be peered through another door, and the man assumed the other closed door in the room was the bathroom.

Abelle lifted up their conjoined hands and only just now realized they were still connected. Sheepishly she let go, and Alex did much of the same. "Well, make yourself at home," she said, gesticulating to the couch. "Do you mind if I change into something more comfortable?" She began removing her purse.

The man walked over to the couch and sat in it, he sank down a small amount into the leather. He shook his head and said, "No, not at all." This would be the part in a movie where the girl would come back with some sort of lingerie. He blushed just after Abelle turned around, he had to get that thought out of his head, she didn't deserve that kind of nonsense thought about her, but he definitely wouldn't mind if that really was going to happen.

Retreating into her room, Abelle set down her purse on the bed and began undoing her scarf and hung it up on coat hook on her door. Bits of arteries were visible through her neck, and a hint of bone could be seen.  Next came her blouse, which she carefully folded away and put into an adjacent dresser. More of her skin was exposed, and of course with it, her innards. Most of her organs were on display, along with her ribcage. Normally she wouldn't feel so shameful getting undressed, but Alex's presence in the other room made her, in a way, excited. She undid her skirt and put it in a hamper, ready for later cleaning. The frog girl stood there in her bland white underwear, pondering what she should wear to seem "comfortable". Her heart was visibly beating quickly, much to her annoyance.

Deciding on a short grey tank top and red shorts, she collected herself and tried to calm down. Alex would have to see her casually like this eventually, she reasoned, but that didn't make it any easier. Taking a deep breath, Abelle turned the knob and opened the door slowly. As relaxed as she could, she returned back to the living room. Alex gave a wave and smiled, he seemed pretty relaxed himself, causing the frog girl's tension to melt away. She grabbed the remote off of the television table, couldn't watch anything without that, then sat down next to her boyfriend. The poor lighting in the room meant that Alex could only see her new clothes, to which he complimented. "You look great!" The frog girl beamed at the simple compliment. There were some strange markings on her stomach, but Alex paid them no mind.

"So, is there a specific movie you want to see?" Abelle asked politely. 

"Anything you want to see is fine with me," he replied. His fingers began to tap on the arm of the couch in obvious joy. With one button press the TV turned on obediently, bathing the room in a bright artificial light. Alex turned to look at Abelle again. "I'd be fine with watching one of those TV shows they have on netf-" he stopped mid-sentence, mouth agape. Only one word was on his mind. Intestines. He repeated it mentally again and again, sometimes as a question, sometimes as an exclamation, and sometimes as a simple fact of life. Intestines. Those were her intestines.

Abelle looked over worriedly at her frozen partner. "Alex? Are you alright?" She followed his gaze to her stomach and back to him. It took her a few moments to connect the dots and realize what he was looking at. It didn't occur to her at all that he hadn't seen her curious skin condition before. He was one of the few boys that didn't immediately ask what kind of frog she was on their first date which made her happy at the time, but now that clearly had some dire consequences.

Alex was stuck in his frozen position for a few moments until he worked the courage up to reply with the same question in a near whisper, "Are you alright?" He was struck with both fear and worry, nearly causing his eyes to well up with tears.

"Yes, yes I am," the woman reassured. "See?" Her hand poked at her belly, showing that her organs really were kept on the inside and not strewn about. Alex still didn't move. Abelle frowned and hugged him. "I'm sorry, I didn't tell you I'm a glass frog. That was terrible of me to do." While she never really liked the name glass frog, it did describe her species' appearance fairly accurately. She began repeating "sorry" in an attempt to soothe Alex while she kept her comforting bear hug on him. The man blinked, his mind managing to claw its way out of the sudden fright.

"I'm alright," he said with a sigh of relief. "I really am glad you're OK." Alex hugged her back. His voice wavered, much to his displeasure. 

With a nod, Abelle kissed Alex on the cheek and released him from her encompassing hug. Her gaze lingered on him a little while longer, making sure he truly was OK. While she was disappointed in herself for not revealing that very frightening factoid about herself, she found it incredibly cute that her boyfriend was worried about her. Wait. Did she just kiss him? Her hands moved to her cheeks in shock. "Sorry! Sorry, I didn't mean to! If you weren't ready for that, I'm sorry!" Maybe she was only making an embarrassing situation even worse.

"What, for the kiss?" the man's face was clearly taking on a reddish hue despite his attempts at remaining cool. He nervously shuffled closer to her and gave her a peck on the lips. Silently, he screamed with joy while his heart raced. Abelle similarly mentally jumped for joy. Had her chest been exposed, it would be very apparent how excited she was. The two stared at each other, both too caught up in their enjoyment to notice the stillness of their situation.

Suddenly, both of them looked away, having woken up out of their cheesy romantic daze. In order to show that he had - mostly - gotten over Abelle's skin, he asked an innocent question, "So, have you... have you always had that?" 

Abelle nodded. "It's very natural, I assure you," she said, still trying to dissuade any fears. "It's mostly my underside." She slipped a finger into the neck of her tanktop and tugged on it for emphasis. "You can sometimes see things in other places, but it's not very often, really. I'll go change."

The man shook his head. "No, it's fine. That's actually cool." He searched for more things to say. "Does that mean people can see your heart? That's sort of romantic, right?" What a dumb thing to say, good going, idiot, he chastised himself.

The frog girl looked down at her clothing. "Would you like to see it?" she asked softly. Alex's face became completely flush. Abelle didn't even wait for his response. She turned towards him on the couch, folding her legs under her, now kneeling. In one quick motion she pulled off the tank top, revealing more of her curious body. Her breasts remained covered, but Alex could peer at some of the equipment that went into breastfeeding. His mind only briefly touched on the oddity of an amphibian producing milk as he admired her form. In the darkness of the woman's body he could see a faint shape moving very rapidly. Her heart. The thought that she was just as nervous as he was put him at ease.

Look at her go, exposing herself on the third date in her own home, Abelle thought to herself. She noticed a very definitive outline of an erection in Alex's pants, flattering her more than she expected. This was one of those perfect times where her eyes gave little clue as to where she was looking. "Maybe you'd like to feel it too?" She tried her best seductive look, but to Alex it looked more like she was getting sleepy. With one hand, she guided his own to squarely land above her left breast. His palm felt the frantic pumping of her chest, but his mind was more focused on the proximity to her boobs. "I think I should do something to make up for scaring you." She was far past a regular date at this point, so she figured she might as well press on forward.

Alex glanced up from his chest groping, somewhat confused by what she said. "What? No, really, it's fine." A long tongue slithered out of Abelle's mouth, instantly shutting him up. It danced about in the air for a moment before retreating back into her large lips. She moved to the floor and squat down in front of Alex. Her tongue reappeared, clearly ready for what was about to transpire. Her hands traveled up his pants and reached his crotch. She never knew how hard it was to remove pants from this position. Annoyance began to make itself known on the frog girl's face as she struggled with the bit of fabric and its zipper, making Alex smile. He lifted his hips up, allowing his pants to slide off along with his underwear.

The frog girl was acting as sexily as she could, but she was obviously surprised about her boyfriend's erection as it came into view. She cleared her throat and tried to recall all the sex tips she looked up online. The man watched in a nervous excitement as the girl's wet prehensile tongue hesitantly moved closer to his twitching cock. It graced the tip of his dick, causing him to flinch. Abelle reflexively backed off, worried she did something wrong. Alex gave a shaky nod and the frog woman began her approach again. The head of his dick was certainly smoother than the rest of his body and carried an odd salty taste that she didn't particularly mind.

Electricity began to shoot up and down Alex's spine as the girl poked and prodded curiously with her tongue. It was more like an examination than fellatio, but he relished it all the same. Having finished probing his dick head, Abelle worked her tongue down the length of his shaft. That was the familiar bumpy human skin she recognized. She continued to lick at his groin, noting how different the skin felt on her tongue rather than her hands. Alex was breathing heavily now, eager for more, but he wasn't going to push his luck.

The wet muscle circled around the shaft then down towards the man's balls, causing him to sharply inhale and then settle back down. Abelle was really getting into blowing at that point. Leaning forward, she took his length into her mouth, her tongue practically guiding his stiff rod into her wet lips. Her small teeth grazed the top of his dick gently as it traveled further inwards. He relaxed entirely as his length was enveloped by her warm squishy mouth. She continued to play around his cock with her tongue before realizing this is the part where actual sucking is involved.

A gentle pressure worked its way around Alex's shaft as Abelle began to bob up and down on it. The trademark sounds of a sloppy blowjob soon started up, adding to the lewdness of the situation. The frog girl tried all sorts of ways in playing with her boyfriend's dick. Wrapping her tongue around completely, gentle squeezes up and down its length in a crude jerking off motion, and occasionally darting out to lick at his testicles. It was at that point that she pushed his cock up at the roof of her mouth. Alex could vaguely see the shape of his dick as a dark shadow played with it. He had completely gotten over her glass skin.

The frog girl was loving every pleased expression and embarrassing moan that her man gave. With how large her mouth was, she figured she could do him one better. Her head leaned even closer to his groin, her nose practically pushing against his stomach. With a careful tongue, she lifted up his balls and managed to get her mouth around them as well. His entire crotch was being pleasured by sweet suckling and a playful tongue. He was trying his best to hold back the whole time, but he was completely beat.

With clenched fists, Alex weakly pushed his hips forward and gasped. Abelle didn't seem to know just how well she was doing at her dick sucking. Her eyes widened as a warm stream of semen hit the back of her throat. She calmed down and simply let rope after rope travel down her gullet. If anything, she was proud at how easily she managed to bring her boyfriend to orgasm. With an almost smug expression she continued to watch the man, who had been almost entirely spent and was now breathing heavily, head against the couch in defeat. 

To top it off, Abelle continued to suck on his genitals and wiped down every bit of his length in the hopes of cleaning him off. Though she had probably already taken up every last drop anyways. With one last suck, she pulled off of his groin with a pleasing pop. Alex was still out for the count and couldn't even manage a response. She wiped whatever remained on her lips with her shoulder and sat back down.

"I," Alex huffed, "I forgive you."

Abelle nodded. "Now what were we going to watch?" she asked casually. Her tanktop still sat on the floor, neglected.