(Tags: NSFW, M/F, /hmofa/, wolf, gentle femdom, fantasy, second person, short, finished)

	From the very moment you enter the room you feel its presence. It's as if the very air is dancing at its behest, celebrating its magnificence and grandeur. Upon an altar made of black stone it lays, scattering green and blue reflections across every nearby surface as the light from your torch touches it. Deep as the deepest ocean is its surface and yet as soothing and inviting as a cool stream in the midst of summer. You reach out and take it from its resting place and even through your chain mail gauntlets you can feel its touch like soft waves rolling against your hand. No wonder She sent you to find it. If there is anything that can cure your Queens ailment then this is it. Whatever magic forged this stone is ancient, pure and powerful beyond words. You gently place it in the silken bag you brought and put the bag in your pack. Yet there is no time to rest. She was suffering when you left and even with Her most skilled healers at hand She might not last much longer. You steel yourself, for the journey back might be more perilous than all that came before it.

	Finally you see the red walls of your city, rising high from the green fields of your homeland. The strife of the past months melt away as you look upon the castle in which your Queen is waiting for your return. If ever there was something to Her trust in you then this is when you show it. Dragging your exhausted legs behind you, you make your way towards the gate, with naught but Her face in mind. You ignore the complaints of your body and the flicking of your mind as your purpose drives you forward. There it is, the deep-yellow gate; the entrance to Her domain. You see the guards. They've noticed you - they're running your way. You reach out, stumbling, falling. One of them catch you, they ask if you have found it and you say yes. They grab you, carry you through the gate as fast as they are able. Orders are shouted, people gather. You see the castle come ever closer into view and finally you can rest.

	You wake up with a suddenness that startles the maid attending your bedside to drop what she's holding. You look around the room but the familiar sight does little to calm you as you shakily sit up in your bed.
	"Is the Queen better? Did I make it in time?" you ask the maid, your voice cracked and faint in your dry throat.
	"Everything is alright, Sir, the Queen has fully recovered", she answers. You fall back onto your pillow, tears of joy welling from your eyes.
	"Thank the Gods..." you mutter as the maid picks up the damp cloth and goes to continue her washing of you. You reach out and stop her. "No need; I can clean myself."
	"But Sir," she protests, "you were in bad shape when you returned. You should be resting still. The Master Healer gave us explicit orders to care for you as best we can."
	"I feel fine," you reply, "knowing our Queen is well did more to heal me than any care ever could, no matter how gentle." Though in truth weariness still lies heavily on your body.
	"Even so, Sir, the words of the Master Healer are absolute, and not even your great stature outweighs his, begging your pardon." You relinquish. There is no need to argue, nor any cause for worry. As long as She has recovered that is all you need, and you let the maid continue her duty.

	Two days later, as you sit in your bed, trying your best to follow the exercises shown to you by the Master Healer, there comes a knock on your door.
	"Come in," you announce. As the door opens you see Her standing there, the very epitome of strength and beauty now that Her health has been returned to Her. Her gray fur is now silken and shiny; no longer matted and dull, Her posture straight and towering; no longer shaking and sunken down. In Her amber eyes shines a bright fire and on Her lips sits a gentle smile. Even Her ears have perked back up, once again standing proud on the top of Her head. You freeze, not just from a vision so grand, but also suddenly aware of your current state. You're not prepared for this - you're not even dressed properly.
	"M-My Queen! I-" you say, words failing you.
	"At easy, my knight," She answers, Her voice both commanding and gentle. "You have done me a great service. I am glad my trust in you was not misplaced." She walks over to your bedside and you try desperately to make yourself more presentable. Yet as you try to stand in greeting She puts a warm hand on your shoulder and stops you. "No need to rise, my knight, I am well aware of the toll of your journey and do not wish to interrupt your rest. Yet I had to thank you personally for all that you have done. You might have been born a human, but inside your chest beats the heart of a wolf." She smiles at you, still resting Her hand on your shoulder. You feel the need to say something - thank Her for Her trust, for Her kind words; anything - yet your mind remains blank. Her hand slowly moves from your shoulder, down over your naked chest and stops over your heart. "Once you have recovered I shall reward you properly, but for now you must rest. I have matters that were left unattended during my illness that now call upon me urgently." She smiles again, this time wider, and Her pure white fangs glimmer hungrily in the dim light of your room.
	"Y-Your words of praise are enough for me, my Queen, I do not-" Again She stops you, putting a finger against your lips.
	"I will not take no for an answer, my knight. You will rest and you will recover, and then I will send for you." She turns and walks out the door, leaving you breathless in Her wake. Her fluffy tail wags energetically as She disappears from view and one of Her guards close the door behind Her.

	A week later you're allowed to leave your bed and wander the gardens. Another week and you're called in to see the Master Healer. As you enter into his office he's tinkering with potions of every color and barely notices your coming. You clear your throat and he turns towards you, his long beard dangling by his knees as he looks at you from over his thick glasses.
	"Ah yes, very good; here you are." He sits down on a chair and motions for you to do the same, but you've been doing too much sitting lately and kindly decline. "Hm, yes, you've made a fine recovery. I've seen many of better breed do much worse. The Queen, Gods protect Her, saw something in you and - hm - it seems She was right. Yes, I believe you are free to go and resume your duties."
	"Tha-" you start, only to be interrupted.
	"But! I will of course inform the Queen that you should not be sent on any missions for at least a month. You were very near death when you returned and you will be wise to heed my advice." You wait for a moment and he adds: "That is all."
	"Thank you mostly kindly, Master Healer," you finally reply, "without you I would surely have perished after my quest."
	"Yes, I do believe so..." the old man answers, a look of self-satisfaction on his face. "Now go; the Queen has need of you."

	You find yourself anxious as you make your way to the throne room. It has been so long since you last wore your ceremonial clothes instead of your armor. Yet even a dragon would not be able to stop you now, so close to finally seeing your Queen once again. And, indeed, to receive Her reward. You stop yourself for a moment. Indecent thoughts had crossed your mind after Her gentle treatment of you before, yet such thoughts are toxic to the mind and you will not let them poison you. You take a deep breath and continue walking. As the entrance to the throne room come ever closer the guards raise their hands to their hearts in salute before opening to doors to let you pass.
	The throne room is mostly empty, except for a few servants and advisors. Upon Her throne your Queen sits, an almost bored expression on Her face as She's staring out one of the many stained-glass windows adorning the great hall. At your approach She perks up, leaning back in Her throne with a smile on Her face, placing Her magnificent tail in Her lap and waiting for you to reach Her. You kneel down and lower your eyes from Her brilliance.
	"My Queen, I was called for." you say.
	"Indeed so, my knight," She answers, and then She stands up. She claps Her hands and announce to the hall: "Leave us." The people around you stir, confused by the sudden change. You're equally confused. You were expecting a ceremony, or maybe a banquette or some other festivity. To be alone with your Queen? Your heart starts beating faster as the hall empties. Finally it's just you and Her.
	"Rise," She commands and you obey. She walks down from Her throne to stand before you. The fire in Her eyes is burning brighter than ever. "On second thought, I have changed my mind: kneel." Again you obey, increasingly unsure of what is happening. She walks up closer to you, now within arm's reach, and you're reminded of Her stature. She stands at least a head above you, with broad shoulders and toned muscles. She is undoubtedly feminine, with wide hips and a modest bust, but there is strength in Her like that of many men. Many human men, at any rate, but even wolfmen would surely struggle to match Her ferocity in battle. She is a warrior Queen of action and, should Her subjects not rebel, just rule. One you were proud to follow into battle. Yet here She stood before you, as if eying Her pray, and all thoughts of the battlefield drift far from your mind. This was something else entirely. Finally She speaks:
	"I took you in though you were not of noble birth and I gave you everything you needed. You repaid me with honor, loyalty and wisdom. I have never had a reason to doubt you, nor a reason to doubt your abilities. I sent you out along with my most trusted knights to find me a cure and you succeeded where no-one else did. Now I want to reward you, but I fear I might be selfish in my desire." You look at Her as She says this, trying to piece together Her intent. As She speaks She wets Her lips, Her tongue playing over Her thin black lips. You feel something stir within you, a desire of your own that you've kept hidden away for a good reason.
	"I wish you to become my king consort." You nearly lose your balance as the words echo through your mind. She can't be serious. "You, and you alone, have caught my attention of all the men that have been paraded through my halls in hopes of winning my favor. To them I was naught but beautiful and fair, but you..." She trails off and takes a step closer before continuing. "You praised my strength and leadership. You, and you alone..." She takes another step, Her dress now lightly brushing against your face as She's looking down upon you. You're not sure what to do with yourself, nor what to make of Her words. You open your mouth, desperate to say something - anything - but She hushes you.
	"Do not speak. I have another use in mind for your mouth." She starts to slowly pull on the skirt of Her royal dress, raising it inch by inch as you watch in disbelief. You can hear Her breathing getting faster as more and more of Her legs are laid bare to you. Just above Her knee, on the inside of Her thigh, Her gray fur takes on a lighter tone as it runs up Her legs toward Her hips. Your eyes follow this path eagerly, disregarding the hesitation of your mind, and as She finally bares Her panties the last thought of resistance fades away completely.
	"Pull them down," you hear Her say in a voice dripping with need. "Hurry, my knight."
	"Y-Yes, my Queen," comes your reply and you reach out as if in a dream and lightly grab the thin, luxurious cloth of Her underwear. All hesitation gone you start pulling them down, revealing Her most intimate part before your hungry eyes. Mere inches from your face you see how wet She is already, and you can tell that She's been waiting for this. You let Her panties go and they fall down to Her feet, causing a string of Her nectar to run down Her inner thigh, darkening the white fur.
	"Now lick it," She commands, holding Her voice steady despite Her obvious arousal. You lean in and kiss Her sex, causing an almost inaudible gasp to escape Her lips, before you stick out your tongue and gently lap at Her lower lips. She immediately pulls Her dress over your head and grabs the sides of it with Her warm hands, pushing your face up against Her needy crotch.
	"No teasing..." She moans, doing Her best to keep Her voice down lest the echo of the hall betray your actions to those waiting outside. You steady yourself with your hands on Her thighs and start moving your tongue with more effort. Her taste is almost sweet and yet lightly salty, faint but at this moment the most fulfilling thing you have ever tasted. Running your tongue up and down Her opening causes Her thighs to twitch, and as you reach inside to explore Her depth Her whole body seems to shake with need. She takes a stumbling step forward with one foot, pressing Herself tighter against you and forcing you down on your knees again as She starts to slowly grind Her crotch against you face. You do your best to keep up, Her smell filling your nose and your mind alike, until all else has been pushed out and replaced by Her, and Her alone.
	"You are doing good, my knight" She says between heavy breaths, "now deliver your Queen." You go at it with renewed vigor, your goal clear and in sight. She's tightening up, Her muscles playing excitedly just below Her soft fur, and Her thighs locking you further into your position below Her dress. She grinds Her clitoris against your nose as you alternative running your tongue up and down Her slit and penetrating Her to the best of your abilities. You feel Her arousal building towards a great outburst as Her legs threaten to give in. More of Her weight is put on you, but that only reaffirms your purpose. Her moans now deep and frequent and She suddenly tenses up, only to let go a moment later. Her orgasm causes Her to almost fall over, only barely being able to steady Herself before She comes down on top of you. Desperately holding back Her voice She gives out a low howl that lets you know just how well you preformed. More nectar flows out of Her pussy, covering your face and lips. You try the best you can to clean Her up as She catches Her breath.
	"If I knew how good this would feel I would have taken you earlier," She coos, still holding on to your head as the last few spasms run through Her muscles. Her breathing is slowing down and She relaxes Her thighs before finally letting go of your head, pulling back Her dress and letting it fall into place. The air in the hall feels cold and dry compared to that under Her skirt, and you're left feeling disoriented. You sit back, almost losing your balance as you do. Your erection is pressing hard against you pants and She can tell.
	"Do not worry," She says with a mischievous smile, "though I must send you away for now, the day is close where I will claim you for real." She gently brushes up against your crotch with Her foot, the light touch sending shivers throughout your body. "Keep this ready for then; I will not have you tire before I do. Now rise, and straighten your clothes and hair." You do as you're told, unsteadily getting back on your feet. You hadn't noticed how your legs had almost fallen asleep and it takes you a moment to regain your posture. She looks you up and down before approaching you again. One of Her hand around your back, the other around your neck, She pulls you in for a deep kiss, Her tongue greedily exploring your mouth. As She pulls back, leaving you almost gasping for air, She sticks out Her long tongue and softly runs it across your face. She keeps going until the mess She caused is all gone and you're breathing hard. As She allows you a moment to calm down, still in Her embrace, She takes the time to lovingly straighten your hair for you.
	"I might have to... reschedule a few things," She muses. "I do not think I can wait much longer, and," She leans in, Her muzzle pressed against the side of your face as Her hot breath whispers in your ear: "I do not think you can, either." Pulling back to look at you, your face tells Her all She needs to know and She gives you a smile that shows off Her fangs.
	"Now go. And tell my advisors to re-enter." She lightens Her embrace and slowly lets you go, but you're reluctant to leave. She looks at you gently, but as She raises an eyebrow at your inaction you quickly sober up.
	"Yes, my Queen, o-of course," you say, straightening up properly before you turn and head for the doors. As you leave Her presence a small part of you stays behind, eagerly awaiting your next meeting. You call for the guards and they open the door from the outside so you can leave. The advisors are all standing in the corridor in a tight group, debating wildly in hushed voiced. As they hear you come they turn and look at you. Some with curiosity, others with animosity, and even a few with knowing smiles. You tell them that the Queen has called for them and head for your room, doing your best to not show anyone how much you want to turn around and run back to Her. Reaching your door you quickly go through it, close it behind you, and throw yourself on your bed. Your body urging you for release, but Her command still firmly in your mind. You can only pray that Her chosen day comes soon.

	The next four days are a mixture of chaos, boredom and longing. Both the castle and the city seem to be busier than you've ever seen them, causing more than a few disturbances to the daily order. You watch from one of the pavilions as messengers and delivery carts hurry up and down the castle street, but take no real notice of their purpose. Your mind is elsewhere, wandering enchanted forests, sun-lit meadows or endless fields of emerald-green grass and flowers in all colors, always with your Queen by your side. You imagine a life together: cooking a simple meal for two, eating it on the porch of some small house out on the countryside where you were born, leaning over to offer Her a bite, leaning in closer for a kiss, letting the food get cold as you... You stop. The wait is already unbearable and you feel like you might just explode if you allow yourself to drift further down that path. You go back to inattentively staring at the hustle and bustle outside the castle.
	A large carriage catches your eye. The royal emblem. The Queen's mother? It suddenly dawns on you what these preparations are for: a wedding. Your wedding. You had been so focused on meeting Her again, just being near Her, that you quite forgot about the ceremony. She said She would claim you. A familiar warmth spreads from your lower body. And of course that would mean legally as well; as a husband. A slight doubt enters your mind. That's what She meant, was it not? You haven't seen Her since that day and you've heard nothing from Her. But what else could She meant? The memory of Her warmth pressing down on you, Her taste, Her smell, the little noises She made; it was all so clear in your mind. Unless you had dreamed the whole thing. You sigh and stand up. About to make your way back to your room you suddenly hear a voice calling out for you. One of the maids is running towards you with an envelope in a tight grip against her chest. She hands it to you and sits down to catch her breath. You look at it but can find no writing - not on the front, nor on the back. Not even a seal. You turn to look at the maid.
	"It's from the Queen, Sir," she says. "I'm supposed to bring back an answer." You look at the envelope again and you feel your heart beating faster. Slowly you open it and pull out the letter inside. With trembling fingers you unfold it and read: 'In two days time our marriage will be held. A feast is being prepared and clothes will be sent to your room before then. This is your one and only chance to decline.'
	"Yes", you say, your voice betraying your excitement. "Tell the Queen I said yes." The maid looks up at you for a moment, her head tilted to one side, before she stands up and starts running back the way she came.

	Two days later you're standing in front of your mirror, mere hours away from the ceremony. Two of the maids are helping you dress in the clothes prepared for you: knee-high leather boots, white leggings and an exceedingly-expensive dark-blue robe richly decorated with gold inlays and white fur. On top of that you're wearing the white-gold collar of your order, The Iron Dawn, and the red sash of the Queen's finest. You look as pompous as you feel nervous. The maids are making sure every detail is perfect, adjusting your hair, robe, sash and collar again and again, while giggling softly to themselves. After the initial confusion the news broke that the Queen had decided to get married. The nation was celebrating but plenty of nobles had been very displeased with the sudden announcement, hoping that She would end up picking one of them. Apparently two of the smaller houses had been raided not long after, suspected of planning to commit treason, after which the rest had quickly fallen in line. The king of a neighboring nation, who had sent all three of his son many times for the Queen's considerations, had now pulled out of peace negotiations. And here you were, getting ready to be married.

	Not long after you're walking down the main corridor toward the banquet hall, trying your best to ignore the voices of everyone around you. Of course you would be the topic of discussion, not least for your upbringing as a commoner or the suddenness of it all, but mostly for your race. It has been many generations since a human had been introduced to the royal line, even if you would not be given any real power. Yet there were also a lot of smiles as you passed, with many holding your achievements in high regard - not least among your fellow knights. You walk by a group from your order who all salute you as one of their own, and you do your best in your heavy clothes to return a respectful nod.
	As you enter the great hall She is the first thing you see. Dressed in a golden-yellow dress that brings out the fire in Her amber eyes as She locks them on you from the second you enter the room. Her golden crown shining brilliantly on top of Her gray head, Her fur perfectly brushed and settled, and even Her tail that so often look wild and unkempt now look sleek and proper. She is as beautiful as ever, even though the fancy dress with its decorative frills somehow suits Her less than the simpler ones She wears normally. As you approach, the people who She had been talking to all excuse themselves and leave the two of you alone among the bustling crowds.
	"I am here, my Queen," you say.
	"So you are, my knight," She answers, and She links Her arm in yours and leads you to your seats.
	The ceremony itself is surprisingly boring, but your nerves more than make up for it. For hours you simply sit by Her side at the banquet table, eating and talking about this and that with those nearby. You notice Her mother looking over at you from time to time, as if sizing you up. She whispers something in her daughter's ear and the Queen turns to you and smiles. The feast continues, with song and dance and always more food and wine. About halfway through you feel Her hand on your thigh in a promise of things to come, causing you drop your fork and, at the sound of it hitting the floor, issuing one of the maids to be there within seconds to replace it for you. Slowly the festivities calm down as people have had their fill of food and drink, and then the High Priest rises to start the actual service. You remain seated until he approaches the two of you at the end of his long-winded speech about love and unity. Then, standing up next to Her, you are both made to repeat after him and to share the bonding cup of wine. As you drink after Her, your eyes locked together, you feel a warmth spreading throughout your body that cannot be explain by the wine alone. Her eyes, Her presence, fills you more than any drink ever could, even one this sweet. You put down the cup and take Her outstretched hand, and the two of you makes your way from the festivities toward Her bedroom. The last part of the ceremony is not one held in front of an audience.

	As you enter Her chambers you, to your surprise, see four maids still in the middle of further preparations. One is adjusting the dark-red drapes on the luxurious canopy bed, one straightening the cover, and the last two are lighting candles and spreading rose petals on every available surface except the bed itself, filling the room with a very pleasant fragrance. Upon your entrance they all hurriedly finish their tasks and leave one by one through the open door, giggling and throwing you meaningful looks. As the last one leaves your Queen closes the door and locks it behind you. The click of the lock is enough to get your pulse to quicken, and as She turns towards you, a hungry smile on Her suddenly-wild face, you instinctively take a step backward. Seemingly enjoying your reaction She takes another step toward you, slowly driving you before Her until your back is up against one of the posts of the bed. She closes in, Her mouth just inches from yours, and you can hear Her long, deep breaths as She stands there, teasing you with Her closeness. You're ready to give in and try to reach out to grab Her, but She quickly catches your hand and pulls it up above your head, pinning it against the post at your back. She does the same with your other hand and then leans in next to your ear and playfully bites your earlobe. You shudder and She lets out a low, devilish laugh, Her hot breath caressing your skin as She gives you another gentle bite before kissing the same spot.
	"How I have waited for this..." you hear Her say between nibbles and soft kisses. "To have you to myself... At my mercy..." She pulls back and looks into your eyes, the heat of Her lust on full display in the reflections of the candlelight. She leans in again and kisses you deep, letting go of your hands to embrace you. You put your arms around Her in turn and lean into the kiss as much as you can from your compromised position. Her tongue caresses yours in a wild and passionate dance that lasts until you're both out of breath. Then She breaks off and looks at you again.
	"Undress me, my knight," She whispers in a husky voice as She lets go of you. You gladly obey, barely able to contain yourself as She turns to show you the many buttons on Her back. You do your best to hurry things along but the dress seems to be resisting you. She laughs at your clumsy attempt but lets you continue until, finally, Her dress ride down Her shoulders and fall to the floor around Her feet. She's wearing nothing underneath, causing your heart to skip a beat. Kicking off Her shoes to land as they may She turns to you, Her naked fur shining with a golden sheen in the light of the candles. Supple, perky breasts with inviting pink nipples poking out of the white fur that covers most of them. Smooth and silken fur running down Her stomach, giving just the slightest indication of the toned abdominal muscles beneath, leading you down toward Her nether region. You can clearly see a string of nectar, gleaming brightly, running from Her sex to Her inner thigh. Mesmerized you watch Her as She slowly runs Her hands down Her breasts and stomach, smiling at your unbroken attention. But before long She continues:
	"Now you," She commands, "I want to see you without your armor, my knight." Her eyes are alight as if they're trying to burn a hole through your clothes. You start to fumble with your collar, sash, robe - why did you have to wear so much? You get your collar off and put it down on the floor, not wanting to drop the heavy piece. Your sash and expensive robe get no such gentle treatment and are quickly thrown to the floor as you start on your pants. She's simply watching you as you undress, arms crossed just under Her breasts, and with Her tongue between two of Her fangs as is She's holding Herself back from something. Finally your pants come off, and what's left of your clothes shortly after. You stand up, now fully naked, in front of Her. Her arms seem to spasm, as if some sudden muscle twitch caused Her whole body to jump slightly. She closes the distance between you in a second, pushing you back onto the bed behind you.
	"Move up," She commands, Her voice brisk and excited. You crawl on your back up higher on the bed, toward the pillow-end. She gets down on all four and follows, quickly overtaking you. As She's standing there, on all four right above you, you see the desire clear on Her face. She's panting and seem barely able to keep Herself balanced, the wetness by Her inner thigh now much more pronounced.
	"Mine, all mine..." She muses as She runs an unsteady finger down your chest and over your stomach, stopping just short of reaching your erection. "My maids have told me you obeyed my command and abstained." A mischievous smile plays across Her face. "Do not look so surprised," She adds as She looks up at you, "I handpicked each and every one of them. You know that." She moves up, Her hips now right above your own. "I must reward such dedication, must I not?" With one hand She gently grabs your erection and guides you into Her as She lowers Herself down. Almost immediate you feel something building. Every day since your last meeting has been a challenge to stay true to Her wish and now, after so long, that withheld release is making itself known. Yet you hold on, not wanting it to end so soon; not wanting to disappoint your Queen. Her warmth is intoxicating, spreading throughout your body from where the two of you are connected. The pleasure of Her squeezing down while, bit by bit, taking you further into Herself is overpowering. You grab a hold of the cover underneath you and grip it tightly as Her hips finally come down to meet yours.
	She's sitting on top of you, your dick fully inside Her, the soft fur on her butt tickling your naked skin, with a smile on Her face as if She's just learned a wonderful secret. She moans softly as She moves in place, excited gasps escaping Her lips as you feel Her muscles twitch. She looks down on you, Her tail wagging happily behind Her, causing Her to shift back and forth ever so slightly.
	"Finally," She says, Her voice dripping with need. "With this you are mine. I have claimed you for my own." She suddenly moves, lifting Herself up and quickly coming down around your shaft. "Now give me your seed," She moans as She continues Her motion, "I know you are close. Release." It's all too much for you and on Her command you let go, your orgasm taking over as your muscles tense up and relax, again and again, shooting out everything you had stored up over the past week into Her. She's gasping, almost growling, as your body is racked by your climax. Eventually it ebbs, leaving you feeling drained but wonderfully content underneath your Queen. She's looking at you with a warmth in Her eyes that pierces your heart, as She puts Her hands on Her waist, right below Her stomach. She lets out a small laugh, almost a snort, as She rubs Her fur over the place where you just deposited your seed.
	"With such force you might have impregnated your Queen," She says in a low voice, only to add: "but we are not done yet, my knight." She leans down and kisses you. Her hands caressing your chest and eagerly exploring your upper body, every inch of your skin feels Her fuzzy touch. The warm, soft fur brushes over you in a way that makes your skin tingle, tracing your contours exquisitely, while the delicate but slightly rougher pads on Her hands lightly press into your skin as if feeling for the muscles below. All along Her tongue is playfully teasing yours, with Her movements sometimes slow and gentle, sometimes fast and dominating. As She, moments later, pull away from you, you instinctively try to follow, only for Her to push you back down with Her hands on your chest. She smiles at your needy expression, slowly grinding Her hips against yours as you feel yourself, still inside Her, harden once again.
	She lifts Herself up, taking a moment to relish the expectations before lowering Herself down on your dick once more. Up and down She moves, stroking your shaft with Her eager pussy. The fur around Her slit is damp from Her nectar and your seed, and a wet sound echoes softly in the dimly-lit room as She picks up Her pace. You reach out to grab Her hips but She catches your wrists and puts your hands above your head again. She's giggling as She places a kiss on your lips, not about to surrender Her lead.
	"Do not move your hands," She says, a playful but warning tone in Her voice, as She starts planting kisses down your cheek toward your neck. She puts Her hands back on your chest to steady Herself and you suppress an urge to grab Her again as you feel Her fangs scratch your skin where your neck connects to your shoulder. Her claws press into your chest just enough to make you gasp and She hums appreciatively in your ear before lightly biting it. She keeps going, teasing you with Her claws and fangs as She rides you in long and deliberate motions, making sure to take you as deep as possible every time Her hips come down. Her breathing is quick and intercut with low moans as She once against increases Her speed and sits up. You watch Her perky breasts jiggle, drops of sweat darkening the light fur around Her chest and stomach as Her voice gets increasingly loud. Her low moans are replaced with needy growls and Her breath comes quick and ragged. Her thighs are squeezing your sides as Her pussy is rhythmically massaging your dick, and you can feel Her tail whipping about as it frequently brushes against your legs. You feel Her muscles spasm as the pleasure builds and before long Her tongue lolls out of her mouth and Her hands take a steady grip around your sides as She approaches Her climax. The pleasure has been building in your too, and as your Queen rides you to Her satisfaction you find yourself linked with Her pleasure. As She arrives so do you. Her whole body is quaking, Her voice more wolf-like than you've ever heard it as She howls out Her orgasm. Your body responds in kind as your dick throbs inside Her, spilling your seed in long, blissful contractions as waves of pleasure wash over you both. She collapses on your chest, breathing hard but in deeper, calmer takes. You wrap your arms around Her and She doesn't complain, instead nuzzling Her head into your neck and settling down as you catch your breaths. You still feel the heat of your connection, and dribbles of your mixture - Her nectar and your seed - leak out of Her as She shifts in your embrace, lightly rubbing Herself against you.
	"That felt wonderful," She says as Her breathing has finally calmed, lazily caressing your chest with one of Her hands.
	"I have never felt anything so good, my Queen," you answer, still dazed by your second orgasm. She slowly pushes Herself up against your chest and looks into your eyes.
	"We are husband and wife now, my love, so call me by my name." Her tone is soft and gentle, but there's a want behind it that's mirrored in Her eyes.
	"I love you, Christina," you say, and She smiles with the warmth of the returning sun after weeks of endless rain.
	"I love you, too."
	
	You spend a long while like that, with Her resting on your chest as She allows you to stroke Her fur and pet Her head. You've never seen Her so relaxed before, nor did you ever think that She would allow you to play with Her fur like this as you ruffle it over Her belly, making Her laugh like a maiden courted by Her secret love. You're so used to seeing Her lead, standing proud and tall with ice in Her veins and fire in Her eyes, and though Her beauty had never failed Her, this was a new side of your Queen that you hadn't seen before. As you lie there, enjoying the warmth and weight of your now-wife, there's suddenly a knock on the door. You startle but Christina seems to be expecting it.
	"Do not worry, my love," She says, giving your ear a soft bite, "it is just my maids." She gets up, not bothering to put anything on, and goes to unlock the door. Her two head maids, most trusted servants of the Queen, quickly make their way inside with bright-red faces while carrying a large jug of cold water and a tray of walking-bread - the kind soldiers would eat on the move during long and arduous marches. They put it down by the bed, trying their best not to look at you, and hurriedly replace most of the candles before excusing themselves. Moments later your Queen rejoins you after re-locking the door. You spend some time refreshing yourself before She wants more, to which you happily oblige. The two of you spend the night wrapped in your lust, making love or resting in each other's arms as the moments take you. She drives you hard but is always careful not to hurt you. As the hours pass you find yourself unable to keep up with Her, finally falling asleep with your head on Her chest as She's stroking your hair and whispering sweet nothings in your ear. You sleep a dreamless sleep, as if your mind is unable to conjure any image more fantastical than what has become your reality.