>When fapping in a shared apartment, caution is king 
>You creep from your bedroom towards the bathroom, taking care as to avoid all of the creaky floorboards. 
>Personally you'd always preferred choking the turkey in your room (nothing like blowing a load in the comfort of your own bed), but your roomate had sort of robbed you of that luxury. 
>She tended to get up at... Odd hours, and you didn't want to risk her catching you with your pants literally down while you waddled your way to the shitter with a fistful of toilet paper soggy with baby-gravy. 
>To reiterate: Caution. Is. King. The key to any stealthy wank was eliminating risk, and in your dinky four-roomed apartment with walls so thin they may as well just be wallpaper, the risks were through the roof. 
>Feeling lucky, you hurry the last few steps towards the bathroom, confident enough that you'd gotten away with- 
*Crrrrrrk* 
>Your heart leaps in your chest as the floorboard you'd just shifted your weight onto lets out a faint creak. To ears like Ruth's, that creak may as well have been a drumroll followed by fistful of burning firecrackers. 
>A muffled groan replied from behind Ruth's door, and you freeze dead in your tracks, holding your breath and waiting for the tipper-tapper of clawed feet. 
>'Play it cool, just tell her you're going to take a shit,' you tell yourself. 
>'You took a shit just before you went to bed and she saw you heading into the bathroom, asswipe. Just say you were getting a glass of water or something and leave jerking off for tomorrow night!' 
>'But I haven't got my rocks off in a week! Yesterday's morning wood lasted me until fucking midday, I'm desperate, man!' 
>While the voice in your head argued with itself, you took the liberty scooting a little closer to Ruth's door, hoping to gauge just how screwed you were by listening out for any further noises following the groan. 
>... Nada 
>The voices in your head go silent. No way. Ruth was THE light sleeper. So much so that a pindrop was enough to wake her from even the deepest of slumbers. 
>Yeah, you still hadn't figured out how she managed to sleep through rainy nights. 
>Edging up to her door, you tempt fate and give Ruth's bedroom door a cautious tap with your knuckle before cracking it open an inch and peeking inside. 
>As always, her room is a mess. A couple of Vidya controllers have been tossed haphazardly across the floor, a pile of dirty laundry is piled up in the corner and the purple walls are lined with posters of rock bands and mosh pit musicians stapled jauntily in place. 
>In the middle of the fucking fallout zone that was her room, slept Ruth, the bat dangling upside down from her perch and faintly swaying from left to right like a giant, six-foot tall pendulum, propelled by the light breeze rolling in through her open window. 
>Her body was mercifully cocooned in a blanket made of her own leathery wings -- thank God. If she'd been letting it all hang out then this would've gotten real awkward, real fast. 
>Not keen on tripping on whatever else she'd left scattered on the messy floor, you stay in the doorway and examine Ruth from there. 
>Her wings have concealed everything from her ankles up to her neck, so you focus instead on her face. 
>You always referred to Ruth as "Weird looking" or "exotic" when it came to her looks, because you were gentlemanly as fuck and didn't have the heart to tell her she'd taken a savage beating with the ugly stick. 
>With a piggish, upturned nose, beady black eyes and ears the size of dinner plates, Ruth was a stones throw away from joining the circus. 
>Not you'd ever tell her that. 
>Still, there was a rather endearing aspect to her look. Namely how she wore it. The "I look like a pig screwed a mouse and if you don't like it go fuck yourself" attitude she bore went well with her punkish demeanour. 
>However, it wasn't her face that interested you. 
>It was the pair of fluffy pink earmuffs she had clamped around her head. 
>Finally. 
>Fucking. FINALLY. 
>You push the door closed, taking no particular care in being quiet as usually do. Frankly it's all you can do right now to stop yourself from cracking out a victory dance right here on the spot. 
>Time and time again you'd reasoned, pleaded and finally begged with Ruth to splash some money on some decent earmuffs and time and time again she'd brushed you off. 
>You even offered to BUY the damn things for her, but her stubborn pride hadn't allowed it. 
>But it looks like she finally caved in. 
>No more tiptoeing across the apartment whenever you need to take a dump in the middle of the night. 
>No more Solid Snaking to the kitchen when you're in the mood for a midnight snack. 
>And chiefly, you could beat your meat as hard as you wanted and she wouldn't hear a damned thing. 
>You didn't walk over to the bathroom. You strutted. 
>Closing the door behind you and plopping your ass down on the toilet seat, you felt like a five year old on the 24th of December who'd just found out that Santa was real and he was bringing you all the cool shit you'd wanted for Chritsmas. 
>No more tactical tugging in the rare moments in which you had the place to yourself. 
>No more building your masturbation schedule around when Ruth would be home or away. 
>You dropped your pants and grabbed your cock. 
>Felt like good ol' American freedom. 
>Being the sort of guy who likes to enjoy the finer things in life, you settle in for a long, drawn out session. 
>Opening the draw beneath the sink and removing the stack of magazines you keep stashed beneath two layers of toilet paper rolls, you let a cool, shaky breath of excitement slip past your lips. 
>A whole week of nofap has wrought absolute destruction on your nerves; you're getting the pre-jerking jitters already, and you haven't even picked out a magazine yet. 
>Yeah, sure, internet porn is a thing nowadays, but you're old fashioned. 
>And considering you and Ruth share the same laptop, it was sort of out of the question anyways. The last thing you wanted was Ruth finding "Giraffe BJs" in Google suggestions 
>Yes, you knew deleting search history was a thing, too. And you know what? You didn't fucking trust it either. One lapse in memory, and that's it. Ruth would be banging on your door wondering why the search history was full of kinky shit. 
>Besides, Ruth Skyped her mother on that thing. Using it for porn made you feel dirty, and not in a good way. 
>Flipping through the mags you settle on an old favourite of yours 
>"Playbunnies vol. 38" 
>Considering there weren't that many humans in this world, you had to make do with... other forms of stimulation. 
>Look, you weren't a furry, but a starving man will eat whatever the fuck he's given. The universe gave you animal-people and a foot fetish. Bunnies were the closest thing you were going to get to nutting material. 
>Usually you'd be tempted just to skip right to the centrefold and bust a nut as fast as possible. 
>Ruth had sporadic sleeping habits, and tended to wake up on a whim. Taking that into account, you'd always considered it your best bet to rush things. 
>The sad thing about rushing a wank is that it stops becoming enjoyable and instead becomes a chore. 
>For a connoisseur like yourself, it was nothing short of a tragic waste of a loaded chamber 
>You took a deep, steadying breath in through our nose and exhaled it out through your mouth before flipping to page three and starting things off at a slow, steady rhythm. 
>For the sake of your nigh-on limitless pent up sexual frustration and bluer-than-the-Atlantic-balls, You were going to enjoy the hell out of this 
>Three bunnies smiled at you from the pages, relaxing on a sun-washed beach, scantily gift-wrapped in hot red underwear and boasting breasts just a little bit too large to be natural. 
>Like you said, you weren't a furry. But sweet Jesus some of the girls in this world did a helluva good job convincing you otherwise. 
>You turned to page seven -- the three rabbits had lost the lingerie and gained a male partner, one 'Douglas Dhole, professional pornstar.' 
>His name was featured on the top of the page in pink, glam-rock lettering: "Hapless Douglas Dhole gets edged to orgasm by the Burrow Sister Beauties!" 
>You wonder if that's actually his real name... 
>The bunnies had thrown themselves over him, one draping herself across his shoulders whilst the other two lifted the rim of his swimming trunks and peered underneath, pulling their best, dopey "my my, what's this?" faces. 
>All the while the short, slender Dhole stared obliviously at the camera with an expression that screamed "whoopsie daisy, what have I gotten myself into?" 
>You skipped ahead a few pages. You'd thumbed through this mag a couple times before, and you knew for a fact that there was more filler than actual porn here. 
>Settling on page eleven, you gradually built up speed. The trio of rabbits had the Dhole pinned to the sand. The largest of the three had his face straddled between her legs, and the smallest had tore away the trunks and begun showering his sheath with kisses. The third of the "Burrow Sisters" was sat with her legs spread shamelessly wide, fingering herself. 
>It's a little bit too in-your-face for your tastes, especially considering the ridiculous and obviously put-on expressions of pleasure the pornstars are pulling, but it gets the job done nonetheless 
>Your cock was diamonds at the moment. You slowed your pace a little, if only to pad things out for a little longer. 
>You forgot just how good this felt. It'd been ages since you'd last paid a visit to Mrs. Palm and her five lovely daughters, and you hadn't gotten laid for God knows how long. 
>It wasn't like you were antisocial or anything... Well, maybe you were... But hey, landing in the middle of the street in a world full of talking animals without so much as a penny to your name puts socialising pretty far back on your to-do list. 
>You flipped to page twelve. Douglas' red rocket had come out to play, and the girl between his legs was giving it a VERY warm welcome. 
>You recline back onto the toilet's cistern with a long winded, hearty breath of satisfaction. 
>Strangling your trouser-snake to an old porno mag in the bathroom of a dirt-cheap apartment... 
>This is unironically turning out to be the best part of your month so far. 
>Well, second best. Ruth had bought an old games console about a couple of weeks ago, bragging about how she used to kick all kinds of ass at Mortal Wombat 
>Ever the betting type, she'd wagered fifty bucks that she could beat you in a one-on-one. 
>Later that day you went out and purchased these magazines with a crisp fifty dollar bill. 
>On retrospect the magazines were a waste of money. Ruth's furious screams of "bullshit!" as you laid out a pair of flawless victories and the ocean of salt that followed were pretty fucking orgasmic. 
>Ruth may have had skills, but put you in the seat of Sub-Zero and you turn into a one-man rape train. 
>You turned to page thirteen, speeding up gradually. The Bunny giving the Dhole a mouthful of pussy looked as if she was trying her hardest to grind his head into the sand with her hips, and the girl who'd been working herself over had joined her sister in applying teasing kisses and licks to Douglas' manhood. 
>Honestly you were starting to think that those new magazines you'd purchased really were a waste of money. This one was the only one you ever seemed to read. 
>'Getting close...' 
>You flip past a couple more pages. The rabbits kissing at his dick smearing their lipstick down his shaft... 
>The rabbit riding his face grabbing his ears roughly in her fists as she locks his head in between her thighs, thrusting her unmentionables against his muzzle as she orgasms... 
>'Almost,' 
>One of the Burrow Sisters getting the bright idea to tickle at the guy's balls while her sibling wraps her lips around his member and effortlessly took the entire thing into her mouth... 
>'Almost!' 
>You turned over to the centrefold: Douglas Dhole arching his back as the Burrow Sisters overwhelmed him, his teeth bared in a genuine, strained grimace of unspeakable pleasure as the trio of rabbits slurped away the last of his resistance. 
>The two rabbits between his legs were smirking triumphantly as they drag their tongues across his length, drawing out rope after thick rope of cum. 
>The third sister had sprawled herself out across his chest and buried her face into his neck, lips pursed in a kiss. 
>'H-h-holy shit ALMOST THERE-' 
*Knock knock knock* 
>The sharp rapping at the door tears you away from the centrefold. For a moment you thought -- HOPED that you'd imagined it. 
*Knock knock knock* 
>Each knock hammered the icy stake of panic further and further into your chest. 
>"Anon? I KNOW you're in there!" snapped Ruth. 
>... 
>Shit. 
>"Uhh, Ruth?" 
>"No, it's the Easter Bunny. Who the fuck do you think it is?" 
>The klaxons begin to sound inside your head as your brain kicks it into maximum overdrive. 
>'Shit! Quick, go with the "taking a dump" excuse, it's our best hope!' 
>'Like hell it is! tell her you're feeling sick and you've been retching into the sink for the last ten minutes -- never fails.' 
>'It does when your roomie can hear EXACTLY WHAT YOU'RE DOING!' 
>Unable to formulate a solid excuse, you decide to walk the middle ground and play it cool. "H-hey Ruth, what's up?" 
>"'What's up' is that I've got a nine hour shift in the morning and some asshole is ruining my nights sleep!" she huffed in righteous anger. "I can HEAR you jacking off in there, Anon!" 
>Ah crap, busted. 
>"But... But the earmuffs-" you stammer. 
>"Don't work," she finished for you. "What? You think I've never tried plugging my ears whilst I slept before? You realise I don't ENJOY being woken up by the sound of someone sneezing from the next block over, right?" 
>"I uh... I thought..." you mumble hopelessly. Covering your ass now was a hopeless endeavour. Ruth already had you dead to rights. 
>"Wait, how'd you know I was wearing earmuffs?" 
>Your blood froze over in your veins. That was exactly the question you were hoping she'd avoid. 
>"W-well you see-" 
>"Were you spying on me whilst I slept you perverted son of A BITCH?" her voice pitches into a shriek of fury, her stern knocking at the door turning into a relentless pound. 
>"I-it wasn't like that!" you defend. 
>"Like hell it wasn't! Y'know what? Screw this. Open this fricking door Anon, I'm coming in," she barks. 
>The doorknob turns and door opens a crack before you thrust your foot against it and slam it shut again. 
>"Anon, stop screwing around!" growls Ruth as she pushes at the door in a futile attempt to overpower you. 
>"Christ just gimmie a minute, alright!" 
>"A minute? How's about I give you three seconds before I barge my way in there?" 
>"No! Shit Ruth just chill out!" you beg. 
>"One.." 
>"Ruth seriously just let me explain-" 
>"Two..." 
>"Just hold on!" 
>"Thr-" she stops her countdown to doomsday at the last moment, as if something stole the words from her mouth. 
>... 
>"Oh my God are you STILL jerking off in there?" 
>"... No." 
>Yes. 
>"Don't bullshit me Anon, I grew up with five brothers, I know what fapping sounds like!" 
>You had the magazine laying open on the floor, your foot jammed hard up against the door as you tried all you could to get your rocks off before Ruth forced her way in and fucking tore them off. 
>You'd already been caught red handed, so as far as you were concerned you had nothing left to lose. 
>Finish or not you were taking the walk of shame back to your bedroom by the time this was all through. May as well go out in a blaze of glory. 
>'Almost there... C'mon you motherfucker...' 
>"Alright, that's it," snarled Ruth, throwing her considerable weight up against the door. You strained under the pressure, but on the plus side you were getting the mother of all panic-boners. 
>'Almost... There...' 
>The clatter of Ruth's claws scraping across the living room outside as she backed up in preparation for a charge warned you that it was now or never. 
>You spared the magazine's centrefold a lasting stare as you pumped your throbbing manhood. 
>'Almost the-' 
>Ruth ploughed into the door like a runaway freight-train, folding the leg you'd been using to hold it shut. You lost your balance on the toilet seat as a heap of leathery wings and fur torpedoed into your chest, sending you sprawling onto the floor. 
>Your head cracks against the rim of the bathtub as you're thrown backwards, and your vision explodes into a myriad of stars. A blisteringly hot lance of pain shanks itself into the back of your skull, eliciting a yelp of agony as you crumple into the corner, pinned beneath fourteen pounds of angry bat. 
>The floor rocks and lurches beneath you, like the deck of a ship sailing through rough waters. For a second you're worried you'll lose your lunch, but as you wretch all that comes up is a tangy, acidic burn that lingers at the back of your throat and behind your nostrils. 
>Gradually the world stops swaying, and the indiscernible smudges of colour begin to take shape as the world comes back into focus. 
>The first thing you notice is the crushing weight of Ruth's knees on your chest. Groggily your eyes work their way up her chubby thighs, past the grandma panties and sports bra combination which clad her thick, potbellied form before coming to a halt at her grave and imposing face. 
>She was looming over you as if she were the grim reaper himself, beady, ichor-black eyes blazing with a slowly fading frenzy. Her lips are parted by small pants of exertion, just enough for you to be able to catch a glimpse of her deathly white fangs. 
>The second thing you notice was that your load was as of yet un-blown. You peer between the gap between Ruth's legs at your limp manhood, slumped against the side of your leg in surrender. 
>Boner is kill. 
>"Son of a bitch," you seethe, going to settle your head against the floor only to wince at the flaring agony which followed. Already it felt as if there was a lump forming where you'd bludgeoned yourself on your fall. You'd be feeling that one for a while. 
>Ruth's air of righteous indignation was fading fast. "Oh shit..." she mutters, reaching a claw tenderly towards your head. You angrily swat it away. 
>"Yeah 'oh shit', what the hell was that?" you shout, blinking away tears of pain. 
>"I told you I was coming in," she says with a dismissive shrug of her shoulders. "You shoulda just... I dunno, zipped up your pants and-" 
>"And what? Head back to my room so I can go back to pitching a tent from dusk 'till dawn? Newsflash Ruth: I've got a dick! Shit gets pretty uncomfortable if it's left alone for too long." You growl. 
>"Well so-rry for being a little pissed that my room mate is waking me up at three AM because he couldn't wait for me to leave before he hammered one out! You know I'm nocturnal, right? Sleeping through the night is hard enough without a hairless monkey spanking it right next door to my freakin' room!" 
>It's at this point that the last of your temper goes up in flames. She fucks up the only good part of your day, smashes your head against a bathtub and then she thinks she gets to play the victim? 
>"You have any idea how long my shifts at work are?" You seethe. "It's a miracle I get any time to myself at all. What do you want me to do, masturbate in the toilet stalls at work? My boss had cameras installed ever since that dickhead Hoxley tried flushing a cherrybomb. I've LITERALLY got nowhere else to go." 
>Ruth huffs indignantly, crossing her arms and casting her gaze to the side, relieving you of her iron glare. "Still doesn't explain why you were perving on me..." she said, her piggish snout furrowing itself into a grimace. 
>"For your information I was WORRIED about you. I made a lotta noise getting from my room to here, and usually you're ready and set to boot open your door and mouth off at me the second I make a sound any louder than a mousefart. But hey, fuck me for caring, right?" 
>"Hey, don't try to turn this on me!" 
>"Oh, and why shouldn't I? Last I checked I didn't haul your ass out of bed and make you barge your way in here!" you spit before baring your teeth through another barrage of skull-splitting pain. God, it felt like someone was trying to crack your head open with a railroad spike... 
>Ruth's anger sours into guilt When she realises how bad you're hurting. Of course she'd never MEANT to hurt you. You knew Ruth well enough to understand that beneath the whole tomboy veneer she was a lot more caring than she let on. 
>Still, that didn't make it any less painful. Didn't do much for your trampled pride, either. 
>"You know what? Screw this noise, I'm going to fucking bed," you grumble, pushing Ruth's heavy form off of your body. She doesn't resist. 
>As you get up and make your way back to your room with as much dignity as one can muster with their pants around their ankles, you spare a glance at the magazine you'd left on the floor. 
>Naturally, Ruth had trod on it on her way in, and her claws had raked the thing to tatters. 
>Honestly, you expected no less. Fate seems to be making a habit out of shitting on you tonight. 
>You pull your pants up to your waist and march back into your room, clinging to the hope that you might glean some satisfaction out of a little sleep, at least. 
>Ruth watches you from the bathroom -- The last remnants of her earlier fury have crumbled away, eclipsed by a dawning expression of shame. "Anon?" she calls. "Anon look, I'm really sorr-" 
>You slam the door shut, collapse face-first into your bed and try to salvage some rest from what was left of the night. 

-
>Sleep that night had come hard, and as a result work had been several shades more taxing than it usually was. 
>You worked at the factory a couple of blocks down the road from your grotty apartment complex, cranking out machine parts on a production line. Not exactly the cushiest of jobs, but you got paid by rule of piecework, meaning that if you put your back into it, your wages were usually respectable. 
>It also involved using equipment that you really, really shouldn't be using when you're dead on your feet. 
>You're pretty sure you almost lost a hand when you dozed off using the steel cutter. After that you'd spent the rest of the day avoiding the more dangerous tools, instead busying yourself with more benign jobs. 
>So yeah, it'd been a slow day. 
>Right now you were dragging yourself up the stairs to your apartment, running on nothing but happy thoughts and that cheap-ass coffee you'd purchased from the factory cafeteria, its taste indistinguishable from motor oil. 
>You tried to keep yourself in good spirits by reminding yourself that it was Friday, and that the weekend was finally upon you and you'd snagged that blockbuster Ruth had been raving about from the DVD store on your way back home. 
>Sure you were still pissed at her, but considering you and her spent so much time around one another, it was probably a sound idea to extend the olive branch as soon as possible. 
>Besides, ever since Ruth had moved in the two of you had christened Friday night 'movie night', and you weren't about to skimp on tradition -- even if you hadn't quite gotten around to forgiving her yet. 
>Forcing your way up the last few steps, you reluctantly enter the apartment. Ruth had already left by the time you'd woken up this morning, so this was going to be the first you saw of her today. 
>There wasn't a doubt in your mind that the ensuing confrontation would be awkward as fuck. 
>The acrid smell of burning assailed your nose as you stepped through the door, wading through a thin mist of smoke. 
>What the f- 
>"Fuck!" swore Ruth from the kitchen, panicking over a burning frying pan, fanning it with her wings in a vain effort to staunch the flames. 
>Realising that it was getting her nowhere, she hastily scrambled over to the sink with the frying pan still in her paw before turning on the tap and drowning the fire in water. 
>The kitchen was a mess. Cracked eggshells and hunks of diced vegetables were strewn over the counter, whatever Ruth had been concocting in that frying pan had spilt over the edges and encrusted itself onto the stove and guessing from the bright yellow splatter across the microwave's window, the stove wasn't the only thing that'd need scrubbing down. 
>"'Fry for thirty minutes' my ass," grumbles Ruth as she scrapes the black charcoal into the bin. The laptop is open beside her, playing what looks like a cooking tutorial. The chef on-screen serves a delectable-looking omlete onto a plate, and Ruth seethes out a small hiss of vehemence before typing into the comments section: 
>"UR full of shit. If I ever see you IRL I'm gonna punch U right in the cunt." 
>With a final, grumpy huff, she slams the laptop shut, turns around and freezes like a deer caught in headlights as she finally notices you. 
>For a moment you both just stand there in shocked silence amidst the chaotic ruin of the kitchen. Finally, after what feels like forever, Ruth speaks. 
>"I, uh, made you dinner." 
>You should be mad. 
>Shit, you should be furious. Cleaning up the kitchen looked as if it was going to be a two-person job, and you felt like the living dead as it was. 
>But goddammit, that apron made her look fucking adorable. 
>"Jesus Ruth, what did you do? Grease the pan with gasoline?" you chuckle, walking over to the far side of the living room to crack open a window and air out the apartment before you set the smoke alarm off. 
>"... You're supposed to grease the pan?" said Ruth, clueless. You bark with laughter, and she smiles uncertainly. "You're uh, taking this pretty well, y'know. I kinda thought you'd be a bit, well, angrier." 
>"Yeah, me too," you say, sweeping the broken eggshells and scattered vegetable chunks from the work-surface into the bin. "I guess last night just... Wore my temper out or something." 
>Ruth flinches at the mention of 'last night'. "Look, about that-" 
>"Water under the bridge, Ruth. C'mon, lets get this crap cleared up. I'll order pizza." you offer. 
>Ruth chews contemplatively at her lip, the sides of her mouth slowly curling up into a smile which you realise only now you desperately needed to see. "Alright. I'm paying though. And we're having pineapple." 
>"Aw c'mon you sick fuck-" 
>"Kidding! Just kidding... No pineapple." she giggles -- it's music to your ears. Maybe it's because the last few days have been so utterly terrible, but holy shit, it feels good hear someone laugh. 

-
>With Ruth's help you manage to get the kitchen under control in record time, cleaning up the very last of the mess just as the pizza arrived. 
>As Ruth paid the delivery guy, you stealthily slid your way over to the TV -- you had a passion for surprises. 
>"So what are we watching?" asks Ruth as she closes the door and makes her way over to the fridge. "I swear, if it's another one of those shitty romcoms I'm gonna bitchslap you silly." 
>"Hey, I like romcoms," 
>"That's because you have bad taste," she says matter-of-factly, opening the fridge and hauling out an eight-pack of beer. "I bet you paid money to watch 'Fast and Furryous 8' at the cinema too, you fuckin' drone." She pulls one of the cans from the pack and underhands it towards you. 
>"Pfft, elitist." you chuckle, catching the can and leaning back into the sofa. "Well, don't you worry, Miss Movie Critic, what I've got is sure to please." you say with a smug satisfaction as the opening credits explode across the screen in all their hot pink and neon green glory. 
>"Holy. Shit." gasps Ruth, face lighting up with an expression caught somewhere between disbelief and joy. "Holy. SHIT! Slaughtersphere 2? YOU got Slaughtersphere 2?!" She rushes over to the sofa, vaulting over the back of it and plopping unevenly into her seat, tossing the snacks and beverages onto a nearby coffee table. 
>"So what was that you were saying about my taste in movies?" you ask, proudly puffing out your chest and folding your hands behind your head, basking in satisfaction as Ruth threw herself into a fangirl fit. 
>"I didn't even know they'd released it on DVD! This must've came out like, today..." she shoots you an inquiring look. "Wait, how much did this-" 
>"Fifteen dollars," you say with a dismissive wave of your hand. "It's nothing, really. I'm on good money, Ruth." 
>"Good money my ass, we're barely making up the rent as it is! Rules are we never spend anything over ten dollars on movie night, Anon," She chides, waggling a finger at you in mock-disapproval. 
>You shrug. "So it's an extra five dollars, big fuckin' deal. It's coming out of my pocket anyways. Look, you've been harping on about this movie ever since you heard it was in pre-production. Is it really so bad that I want to treat the lady in my life?" 
>"Oh, I'm a lady now, am I?" she asks with a theatrical flutter of her eyelids. "Well how's about you be my gentleman for the night and cut the lights. I hate watching movies in a lit room." She tilts her beer into her mouth and quaffed back a mouthful. 
>For the shortest of moments you just watch her as she swings her as she carelessly swings her legs onto the coffee table and lets loose a small belch, followed by a roguish smirk that fit her rebellious demeanour like a glove. 
>As much as she got under your skin from time to time, you were damned glad you had her around. 
>"Hey man, stop staring at me like a tard and hop to it -- the opening credits are almost over." she quips. 
>"Alright, alright, hold on..." you say, flipping the light switch before collapsing back into your seat. Next to you Ruth flipped open the pizza box and laid a slice onto the paper plate on your lap. 
>Comfy as fuck. 
>You love movie night Fridays. 
>Not because of any particular passion for movies or anything, but because the normalcy of sitting down to watch a movie with a friend is a welcome relief when you live in a world turned topsy-turvy. 
>A whole goddamn year in this world, and you weren't any closer to being used to the 'people are animals' shtick. Birds chew up their kid's happy meal and then spewing it into their beaks, dog unzipping their pants to go piss on a fire hydrant in the middle of the street -- you'd seen some freaky shit. 
>Sure, it sounded as if it'd be funny, and sometimes it was (your favourite pastime on lunch breaks was whipping out a laser pointer and fucking with that one cat who always gave you shit). But when it's always around you, twenty four seven, it stops being funny and starts getting alienating. 
>And eventually it becomes a constant reminder that you don't belong in this world. You were an outsider. The one Duplo block in a box full of Legos. 
>You tear your attention away from the bloody action on the TV screen for a moment to settle your gaze on Ruth. She's glued to the movie, a gleefully manic smile twists across her gargoyle-ish face as the characters on screen tear each other limb from limb in a shameless display of grindhouse gore. 
>"Hey Ruth?" you say. She grunts to acknowledge that she heard you, her attention still set on the TV. "Thanks. For being here, I mean. The last couple of days have just been a total shitter and it's... Well, it's nice to come home to a friend." 
>Ruth turns to look at you, her eyes glittering as the static light of the TV caught on them. They're wide -- so wide that you can actually see their whites, and although it might just be a trick of the light, you could swear that you could make out the faint glow of a blush across her cheeks. 
>And then she laughed at you. 
>"Pffftahahaahaha, holy shit Anon, you turn into a faggot overnight or something?" she says between gasps for air. "That has to be the corniest shit I've heard in ages!" 
>You throw your arms into the air in surrender. "Well okay, fuck me for trying to be sincere, right?" 
>"Ah come on, don't be like that. Like seriously, what did you expect? Googoo eyes and heartfelt confessions? c'mon man, you know me better than that," she chuckles, wiping away a tear of laughter and emptying the last of her beer down her throat. 
>"What can I say? I'm a drama queen by nature." 
>"Damn right you are," she giggles with a whimsical shake of her head. You roll your eyes -- try to have a heart to heart and look what happens. You swear, sometimes this girl had the emotional depth of a brick wall. 
>As you go to turn your eyes back to the TV, Ruth surprises you by hooking a paw around your shoulder and shuffling closer to close the gap between you. She rests her head next to yours as the soft, leathery membrane of her wing formed a blanket across your back. 
>"You're welcome though. And if you're really in the mood for all this sappy crap... I really AM sorry for, uh, y'know..." 
>"Forcing your way into the bathroom while I choked my ostrich?" 
>She throws out another bark of laughter. "Couldn't have put it better myself. But seriously, though. I was in the wrong there. It was late, I wasn't thinking and... Look, from now on I'll just plug by ears or something, okay?" 
>"'Aight, cool." you say, eager to close the book on the subject as soon as possible. Making small talk about how you jerk off wasn't exactly how you envisioned spending this night. 
>"Still... You were pretty determined to get a nut off in there, I'll give you that. What's up, Casanova, women not paying you any attention?" 
>Goddammit. Alright then, looks like tonight's topic is 'Anon and his non-existent love life' Still, better that than 'Anon's peculiar masturbating habits', you guess. 
>"What can I say? There's only so many hours in the day, and in between getting a job, keeping a roof over my head and feeding myself, I haven't really found the time to go ladykilling." you explain. 
>"Aaaand I'm calling bullshit. I have a job, I work the same hours as you, and I still hit the clubs every once in a while." she replies, listing off each point on her fingers. 
>"Yeah, well you didn't drop out of the sky with nothing to your name but the clothes on your back," You bite off the words a little too harshly, grimacing as you hear your own voice. 
>"Sorry..." you apologize. "Look, I don't mean to snap or anything. It's just a touchy subject for me, alright? I spent a lot of nights sleeping in the gutter when I first got here, and getting where I am now took a lot of sweat and tears. I really just haven't had the time for a girlfriend." 
>"Hey, it's all cool, didn't mean to bust your balls or anything. Besides, I'm not really one to talk. Don't know if you've noticed, but I haven't exactly been pulling guys left right and centre, either." 
>"Oh? And what's your excuse?" 
>"I'm a vampire bat, Anon. I look like a demon-pig with a pair of fangs and dolls eyes," she answers matter-of-factly, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. "This might come as a surprise to you, but men aren't exactly lining up to fuck me." 
>You cringe as she lays into herself with the brutal honesty. She did this whenever the conversation turned to appearances, stomping herself into the ground before anyone else could do it for her. 
>Well, y'know what? Not tonight. 
>"Don't gimmie that shit, you look... Cute."
>"You realise you don't sound in any way convincing, right?" deadpans Ruth, shooting your white lie out of the sky. "Look, you don't have to placate me by blowing smoke up my ass. I've been ugly all my life, Anon. Trust me when I say that I'm used to it by now." 
>"Who says I'm blowing smoke up your ass?" you persist. "I mean sure, yeah, by traditional standards you're no super model, but you've got personality, know what I mean?"
>"Not really," she says.
>You roll your eyes. Shit, this was hard to put into words. "What I mean is that there are a thousand, thousand girls out there with high cheekbones and fluffy tails and whatever the fuck else you weird-ass animal people get off to, but there's only one Ruth."
>"Again, you're not really inspiring confidence here, Anon." 
>"Really? Come on, Ruth, think about it. If you were a guy which girl would you go for? The one caked in makeup who looks exactly like the last twelve girls you've screwed, or that one bat chick with the punk-rock attitude and the Led Zoopelin tanktop who looks like she's up for a good time?"
>Ruth takes a moment to analyse what you're telling her. "So what you're saying is that I'm cute because I'm... different?"
>"You're cute because you stick to your guns. All those other girls? Most of 'em are just copying some model they saw on the front page of a magazine. You? You do your own thing, and that's pretty endearing in my books. Endearing and, yeah, kinda cute." 
>You don't know what surprised you more: the fact that you were able to pull all of that out of your ass on the spot, or the fact that you actually sort of meant it. 
>"... You really think that?" asks Ruth, and it gives you a strange, swelling sort of pride to hear the happiness in her voice. Pat yourself on the back, Anon, you just made your roomie a happy girl. 
>"Pfft, of course, I mean, I'd fuck you." you murmur offhandedly, raising your beer to your lips and drinking.
>...
>You know that feeling you get when you suddenly realise that you said something you really, really shouldn't have? Like there's a cold clamminess sinking into your shoulders whilst a hard gauntlet of dread starts squeezing at your windpipe, as if it were strangling you for being such a blabbermouth cunt?
>Well, you were feeling that in spades right about now. 
>You chance a sideways glance at Ruth, praying to whoever was listening that she didn't hear you.
>No, she definitely heard you, alright. If that wide eyed, open mouthed look of flabbergasted shock she was giving you was anything to go by, you mas as well have screamed it into her ear.
>For a long moment Ruth doesn't say anything, and the only sound in the room is the ambient noise of the TV blaring out pulpy, action-movie carnage. There was a line in the sand, and you'd just overstepped it. 
>The paw Ruth had laid on your shoulder hovers mid-air, as if she's unsure whether to retract it or not. 
>Eventually it falls back into place, and the warm membrane of her wing drapes itself back over you. Only there's something different... more personal... about the way she held you.
>"So," she says after what feels like an eternity. "You uh, you... like bat girls?"
>... No fucking way. 
>Was she hitting on you? Ruth? Hitting on YOU? This afternoon just took a turn for the weirdest, and you really weren't sure how to feel bout that. 
>You've known Ruth for about a year now, and not once had the thought of romance popped into your head. Did you like her? Sure. The girl was a regular blast. Nights like these where the two of you would laze around and shit-talk movies were a regularity, and even back in your old world, you'd never had a better drinking buddy. 
>But would you really...
>Probably, if she was offering. You'd never been the sort of guy who cared that much for the way a girl looked -- your Mom had hammered the whole 'it's what's inside that counts' thing into you at a young age and you'd taken that shit to heart. 
>Besides, you didn't think Ruth was nearly as ugly as she made herself out to be, anyways. That crumpled nose of hers was hella adorable...
>You awkwardly clear your throat, looking at anything other than Ruth. The nervous lopsided smile and hopeful eyes she was giving you were threatening to melt your heart right out of your chest. "Y-yeah, they're okay I guess." 
>"Huh," goes Ruth, and you can tell from the lost tone of her voice that she has absolutely no idea what to say next. You weren't sure as to whether or not she was blushing before, but she certainly was now.
>That's... Interesting." she manages after about a solid minute of 'ums' and 'ahs'.
>Wordlessly, Ruth shuffles ever so slightly closer, bumping a thick, soft thigh up against the side of your leg and keeping it there. He eyes are glued to the television, although you can tell from the rest of her face that it isn't the TV she's paying attention to. 
>Does she seriously think she's being subtle?
>"S-so is there anything else you... Y'know, like? About girls, I mean." she squeaks. You can practically hear the butterflies fluttering in her stomach. 
>You take a deep breath, trying to calm your throbbing heart. Were you really going through with this? As far as you could see there were two options here: shut her down now and keep things on a friendly basis, or lead her along and see where this rabbit hole leads you.
>You think back on all the fun times you and Ruth had had together: competitive vidya sessions that lasted until two AM, Saturday nights shared with one another down the local bar, skipping that concert you'd really wanted to go to so she wouldn't have to spend her birthday alone...
>You didn't want to ruin that.
>On the other hand, you were realising only now that you liked Ruth, and not only as a friend. You'd never given it much thought before, but actually looking at her, she was the whole package: Funny, easygoing, confident, kind...
>... And Beautiful in all the ways that mattered to you.
>Fuck it.
>"Well to be perfectly honest, punk rockers always riled me up in all the right ways," you say, faking a stretch as an excuse to put an arm around Ruth's generous waist. Her breath hitches as your arm hooks around her and your fingers come to a rest on the slight bump of her potbelly. "How's about you, any preferences?"
>"Skin." she says almost instantly. "I uh, like skin. It's...soft. And fun guys. You know, guys who you can spend a night out with, shoot some pool, play some games --"
>"And kick back and watch a movie with?" you finish. 
>Ruth gapes at you, looking for words to say and finding none. Finally -- unexpectedly -- she explodes with a growl of frustration, and speaks. 
>"Aw, screw this."
>The kiss comes out of nowhere, angry and fierce and doped up on passion. Ruth's lips lock with yours as she throws herself into you, pushing you onto your back and landing herself on top of you. 
>In the space of a heartbeat, things go from zero to a hundred. The bountiful bulge of her breasts pushes into your chest, the belly you'd been resting your fingers on not a second earlier lays itself against your torso and heaves with Ruth's laboured breaths of passion, the warm bulk of her thighs wrap themselves around your waist and squeeze you into a tight and shamelessly lustful embrace.
>You can feel your throat vibrate as Ruth releases a deep, long-winded moan of rejoice into your mouth. 
>You can feel the needy grasp of her paws clawing at your back.
>You can feel the fire between her legs burst into an inferno as she mashes her crotch against yours and grinds...
>Oh, fuck man...
>Her mouth parts with yours with a wet smacking sound. Ruth's head rests against yours, forehead to forehead, nose to nose. 
>"H-holy shit Ruth-"
>Quiet," she hushes, laying a clawed finger against your lips. "Just tell me this is okay. Tell me this is okay and kiss me back..."
>"Its okay! Jesus Christ it's okay," you say as the shock of Ruth's sudden assault on you gradually began to simmer.
>She breathes a sigh of relief, the warm breeze of her breath washing across your face, carrying the faint smell of alcohol. "Thank God, this would've been awkward as fuck if you'd said no," she jokes, smirking.
>Yeah... Yeah it would've..." you say, heart still throbbing in your ears. "What the Hell, Ruth?"
>She shrugs. "What can I say? I suck at the flirting part, so I skipped right ahead to the foreplay. You okay with that?"
>"I'm, uh, I'm cool with it," you mutter as surprise slowly gives way to excitement. You settle a hand into the small of her back and cup another on her cheek. She nuzzles into it with a happy, mewling sound from the back of her throat.
>How the fuck could anybody find her ugly? 
>"I'm REALLY cool with it. You uh, you want this too, right? You're not feeling forced or anything?" you ask.
>She sniggers. "Me feeling forced? Anon I LITERALLY just jumped your bones." 
>"Oh yeah. Right. Awesome." you mutter, too breathless with anticipation to form a proper sentence. "L-look, I don't have any condoms on me. Are we gonna, y'know, go all the way with this?"
>"First off I'm a bat and you're a... Whatever. You don't need a condom you fuckin' moron," she says before diving in for another kiss.
>You would've parted your lips, but Ruth forces them open before you have the chance. The long, wet length of her tongue plunders the inside of your mouth, and you both hear and feel Ruth's victorious chuckle as a quivering whimper of pleasure comes burbling up from inside you. 
>Your mouths part again, this time still linked by thin rope of saliva.
>"And second of all, we're gonna go wherever this takes us. Maybe we lay here and kiss for a while, maybe we strip down to our undies and dry hump-"
>She leans in close to whisper into your ear, and your heart leaps into your mouth as her tongue flicks at your earlobe teasingly.
>"Or maybe I ride you until dawn, and make you cum so hard you scream like a bitch..."
>Ruth lays her ichor-black paws on your chest, gently raking them down the length of your body before reaching the hem of your shirt and pushing her paw beneath it, fingers roaming across bare flesh. Skin works itself into gooseflesh and hairs raise as she feels her way across your belly.
>The warm blanket of her wing follows wherever her paw goes. Jesus, had her wings always been that soft?
>Another paw traces a line across your neck, gradually working its way around to the back of your head and pulling you into her waiting lips. She releases a low, mumbling noise of sensual delight as you decide to beat her to the punch this time and ease your tongue between her fangs. 
>She tasted like beer. Beer and... Something else. Something unmistakably feminine that you just couldn't seem to get enough of. The thin, muscled viper of her tongue pounced on yours, tormenting
>Her thick, full body somehow manages to move even closer to yours. Winged arms tighten around your back as she hauls you into a loving embrace, and it's all you can do to return it, wrapping your arms around the cushy circumfrence of her waist and holding her.
>You don't know how long the two of you stay like that, locked in a lover's knot, tangled in eachother's bodies and exchanging wet moans of approval as you both took turns trying to devour one another. 
>If it were up to you, you would've stayed there forever...
>Too bad you needed to breathe.
>Your lips part and you gasp, filling your burning lungs with air. Ruth did the same, and you get the feeling that she didn't want that to end any more than you did. 
>"*Huff* h-holy shit. I... *huff* I can hear your heartbeat," she says between heavy breaths. "Is it weird if that turns me on?"  
>"Yeah, but you're plenty weird already, so don't worry about it," you breathe between pants.
>"Uhuh," she replies absently, her large, rounded ears swivelling on her head. Obviously she's too preocupied to be paying anything you say much attention. Suddenly her ears freeze in place, locked onto the throbbing of your heart.
>"It's so fast..." she muses, settling a paw onto your breast and closing her eyes. She stays there for a little while, laid atop of you and engrossing herself in the thump-thump rhythm of your heartbeat. A smile tugs at the sides of her mouth, baring the tips of her fangs, and a small, snorting laugh of amusement bubbles out of her.
>At that moment, in your eyes, the finest women in the world from femme fatale movie stars to aesthetically perfect super models were precicely jack shit compared to Ruth. 
>"I want you," you hear yourself say. The words come on their own, and you don't try to stop them. Ruth opens her eyes, snapped out of the trance she'd lulled herself into. "God, Ruth, I want you so bad it hurts. Just... Just touch me some more. Please,"
>It was begging. Shameless, desperate begging.
>But dammit, you needed her. You honestly can't remember the last time you felt this excited. There's an electric tingle buzzing along the length of your spine, your breath seems to quiver on its way up yor throat, and it takes a genuine effort just to stop your hands from shaking as you lay them on either side of Ruth's full hips and squeeze.
>This was the kind of desperation that drove men insane. 
>Ruth's eyes widen with surprise, shot through with the twinkle of passion. Her cheeks burn brazen red as she stammers out a reply. "A-anon?"
>"I said I want you," you whine. "I want you so much it's making me dizzy, alright? Jesus Christ you're fucking beautiful and I want you more than anything else in the world right now."
>It's corny as hell, but you're well past giving a fuck.
>At first Ruth seems taken aback by your passionate outburst. Then the shock wears off, and her features flood with arousal. That twinkle of passion you'd caught in her eye earlier? You'd just stoked it into a fire. 
>"Alright Casanova, lose the shirt." she commands as she grabs the bottom of her tank top and pulls it over her head. 
>For a moment, you think your heart might've actually stopped. You'd seen Ruth naked dozens of times before -- last night being one of many. Honestly you'd never given it that much thought. Now, though, pinned between her thighs and high on passion, you were looking at her in an entirely different light. 
>She wasn't fat as much as she was... Well padded. The thick, ample line of her waist strained against the rim of her jeans, following up to a bountiful pair of breasts barely restrained by her sports bra.
>You tear away your shirt as quickly as you can manage, tossing it into a heap on the floor before grabbing Ruth by the arms and pulling her down onto you. 
>You kiss anything your mouth can reach. The nape of her neck, the curve of her shoulder, the cleavage of her breasts, anything. You're vaguely aware of Ruth squealing in girlish joy and the hungry groping of her paws on your back as you fawn over her.
>You plant a pair of kisses along her belly, and she heaves in a sharp breath, as if she'd just plunged herself into cold water, before releasing an involuntary bark of laughter. 
>Heh, you'd almost forgotten how ticklish Ruth was...
>"Easy! Simmer down, jeez," she cackles as you lay another smooch below Her navel. Her paws grip you by the shoulders and trust you back into the arm of the sofa. You grin back at her, flashing a cheeky wink. 
>"Jackass," she scolds.
>"Don't act like you don't love it,"
>"Damn fuckin' straight I love it. That mouth of yours is a real godsend when it's not talking shit." Muses Ruth as a devilish grin plays across her lips. "In fact, how's about we put that thing to good use for once?"
>She leans away from you, laying on her back, head led on the arm of the sofa. She opens her thighs, and a single clawed finger beckons you closer. 
>You move to crawl on top of her, but a paw reaches out to stop you halfway before grabbing you roughly by the ear and guiding your face between her legs.
>"Eat me out, monkey boy."
>You don't need telling twice. 
>Your fingers work hurriedly at the buttons on her jeans, plucking them open and tearing them away from her legs with such a fervour that even Ruth seems a little surprised. "W-wow, that eager, huh?"
>She wouldn't believe. This was your first time with a woman in what felt like decades. You could honestly say that you'd never been this desperate before. 
>Coupling that with the fact that Ruth had waylaid your weekly jerk-off session, meaning you were packing about eight or nine days worth of pent up stress, you would've committed cold, bloody murder in exchange for some good pussy.
>This must be how those cheetahs and tigers on Discovery Channel feel when they tear into their prey. 
>You spare a moment to place a kiss just above the line of her panties, teasing a finger along their soaked surface, tracing the line of her lower lips. Ruth bites back a moan, the paw on the back of your head stroking you lovingly.
>"Anon?" says Ruth, her voice betraying a hint of nervousness. "Look, I don't mean to be a killjoy or anything but, uh, it's been a long time since I... Uh, you know, got off. So d-don't go blitzkrieg on me down there or anything," Her paw finds your chin and tilts you upwards to meet her eyes.
>"Seriously. I... I wanna savour this, okay? Just go slow for me."
>"No promises," you grin, pulling her panties down past her knees and tossing them in a heap on top of your shit.
>The smell of horny bat hits you so hard it's like walking into a sauna. The immense heat of her womanhood beats mercilessly against your face, and the enticing, spicy scent of her arousal pushes its way up your nose. 
>Gripping at her plentiful buttocks, you wet your lips and lock them with hers. 
>Ruth gasps, the paw on your head gripping a fistful of your hair. "H-HOLY FU-... NNNGH! O-okay, okay, that's good. Juh... Just keep going..."
>The walls of her plump thighs close in either side of you, firmly boxing your ears. You ease your tongue between the folds of her vagina, flicking along her walls, testing. It's messy work; a fat drop of her fluids runs down your chin as you explore her.
>"Thaaaats it... A-aahn- Unfffhh... f-f-fuck yeah," she heaves with a heavy sigh of relief. "Have... Have you done this before or someth- NNGHFF! Nnghff... Ooooh sweet Jesus..."
>Looks like you found her G-spot. You give it a few more probing licks before grinding the surface of your tongue along it. 
>"Haaaah... That's... That's... nnghhhhh..." Ruth mumbles incoherently between throaty moans of pleasure. A second paw joins the first on your head, and she thrusts you harder into the wet canyon of her crotch. Her hips roll, grinding against you and begging for more.
>You're all too happy to give it. 
>Puckering your lips, you place a tender smooch on the pearl of her clitoris before taking it into your mouth, lashing at it with the tip of your tongue.
>"O-oh fu-... F-f-uuuu-" Ruth moans wetly, the muscles in her thighs clenching and the sopping canyon of her pussy tightening as she teetered on the edge of orgasm.
>You move to pull away, but Ruth's having none of it. Her legs cross themselves around your neck, heavy thighs crushing you into her twitching slit.
>"Don't stop," she huffs. "Don't... Oh God, don't stop." 
>It only takes a single flick of your tongue to send her tumbling over the edge, but being the gentleman that you are, you keep licking even while her body seizes and her breath hitches as she passes the point of no return.
>"A-anon, I'm gonna... Ah, f-FUCK I'M GONNA--
>"*SQUEESQUEESQUEESQUEESQUEESQUEE*!"
> Wat. 
>You barely register the bizzare sound she makes as her legs tighten their deathgrip around your head and her juices gush down your chin. Her wide hips buck and tremble in blind ecstasy, every lap of your busy tongue eliciting another erratic spasm of pleasure.
>Gradually -- eventually -- the wild thrusting of her hips dies down, and her legs ease their hold around you, releasing you from your prison. Easing yourself into a sitting position you wipe your mouth with the back of your hand. 
>Next to you Ruth still trembles with aftershocks, eyes half-lidded and staring blindly at the ceiling, her mouth wrung into a dopey smile of satisfaction. You give her a moment to bask in the afterglow before talking.
>"So... Squeaking?"
>She snaps to attention at your voice, her serene and relaxed expression gone the instant the words left your mouth, replaced with a furiously red blush of embarrassment. "Oh t-that?" she stammers. "I uh, sometimes I *ahem*, I... echolate... when I..."
>She sees the shit-eating grin flowering on your lips, and her blush threatens to encompass her entire face.
>"I swear to God Anon, if you tell ANYONE about this I'll drink your fucking blood."
>"Hey, no worries. Your secret's safe with me. Still, woulda been nice to know you could make that sound before I went and dished out money on a new alarm clo-"
>"Another word and I'm kicking you in the dick." she warns. 
>You raise your hands in a mocking surrender, mouth still stapled into a smirk. "Alright, not another word," you purr, clambering atop of her, leaving a trail of kisses from the delightfully soft pudge of her potbelly, across her navel and around the plentiful mounds of her breasts as you make your way up her body.
>Ruth sniggers as your trail leads up her shoulder and along her neck. You take your time with a passionate hicky before you finally rest your head next to hers.
>"Gee, Anon, you think you missed a spot? Is this like a fetish or something, or do you really just like kissing that much?" she mocks jovially. 
>You shrug, a little too busy nibbling along the sensitive rim of her ear to give her much of an answer. "Only if I'm kissing you..." 
>...
>"You... You really mean that?" she asked, suddenly breathless.
>If you weren't so preoccupied you would've noticed the magnitude of emotion in her voice. Instead, you simply pecked her on the mouth. "Uhuh," you hum. It isn't until you meet her eyes and see the glowing embers of love within them that you realise how much those words meant to her.
>For a while neither of you say a word -- you simply lay there, gazing into those ebon pools of emotion so deep you could drown in them. Eventually, it's Ruth who breaks the silence.
>"Take those pants off. Right fucking now."
>"Wait wha-" you don't get any further before Ruth thrusts you onto your back and pounces atop of you, the full weight of her body slamming down on you like a furry, plus-sized, sexually frustrated hammer. 
>A throaty and feral growl of primal attraction rumbles at the back of her throat, and without so much as a warning she crams a paw down the rim of your pants.
>our breath seizes in stunned surprise as she grips you through the thin layer of your underwear and squeezes.
>"F-fuck!" you blurt, your fingers digging into the sofa as Ruth tightens hers around the bulge of your member. You try to gasp, but your lungs don't want to take the air. Whatever kind of dumbass face you must be pulling, Ruth seems to find it hilarious. 
>"I said take those pants off," she chortles, the paw on your crotch moving at a slow rub. The clawed tips of her fingers tease along your length, and you tremble at the giddy rush of excitement it sends thundering along your nerves. "If you're gonna throw out a line as smooth as that, you'd better be ready to deal with the consequences, Romeo." 
>It's a little too hard to move with Ruth draped across you and with your stomach tying itself into tense knots of excitement, so she saves you the trouble of undoing your pants and tears open the fly with a rough tug. 
>The pitched tent of your arousal springs forth in all its glory as she pulls your pants down past your knees. Fuck you were hard -- so hard it actually hurt a little. Your member strains against the fabric of your boxers, twitching in its desperation to be free.
>Ruth's eyes glitter with a lustful hunger as they settle on your spasming package. Slowly but surely -- as if she were savouring the moment -- she brings her face to your crotch, and drinks in your scent.
>"Smells real good..." she whispers to herself so softly that you barely catch it. Her fingertips pull at the rim of your underwear, unwrapping you at a deliberate, leisurely pace. When you felt the warmth of her breath breeze against the bare skin of your penis, you realised just how close you were to popping.
>'Shit, no, don't you fucking dare... Don't look, count backwards from ten, close your eyes and think of traffic jams, recite fucking ABBA songs in your head -- goddammit it's been over a year since you last fucked a girl, don't screw this up and shoot your load before you even get to the good part,' you beg yourself, barely managing to restrain the raging bull that was your arousal. 
>Ruth looks up at you, cradling your manhood against the velveteen membrane of her wing. With a sultry smile, she lays the softest of kisses against your tip.
>Oh god, you can feel her fangs...
>"W-wait!" you yelp, and she takes her mouth from your passion just as you reach your cusp. 
>Biting hard into your lip and squeezing shut your eyes, it takes ever last ounce of your willpower to calm the bubbling geyser between your legs. Somewhere in the back of your mind, the nattering voice of your primal instincts wails in frustration, angry that you'd robbed it of its release.
>"You okay?" asks Ruth, voice flecked with concern. "Anon, you look worried. This isn't going too fast for you is it? I mean, I won't be pissed or anything if you wanna call it a night-"
>"What? Nonono trust me, you're, uh, you're doing fine. Hell, you're doing great -- you're fuckin' amazing. It's just, y'know, maybe a little... Too amazing..." you admit with an encroaching shame.
>"'Too amazing'? What the fuc-" she stops herself midsentence as the light bulb buzzes to life inside her head. "Ooooh... Right. Wait, seriously? I've barely even touched you yet!"
>You grit your teeth as her words stab at your pride, the sour cocktail of disappointment and disbelief in her voice acting as the barbs around the blade. "Yeah. It's, ah, it's been a long while. Y-you're real pretty and I just... Sorry." you mope, resigning yourself to wallow in your humiliation. 
>Thankfully Ruth doesn't allow you to wallow for long. 
>"Hey, it's okay. Look, you don't need to prove anything to me, alright?" she drapes a wing over your shoulder comfortingly. "I wasn't expecting porn star levels of endurance or anything. I mean, shit, the only reason I lasted for more than five seconds when you were chowing down on me was because I told you to take it easy. It's nothing to be ashamed of, really."
>"T-thanks," you manage with a pitiful attempt at a smile. 
>Alright, look, how's this for an idea," mutters Ruth, sitting herself firmly in your lap and straddling you between the thick trunks of her legs. Your arousal flares back to life in an instant as you feel the raw heat of Ruth's loins simmering against your cock. 
>"You're gonna sit here, and I'm gonna ride you," she says, mothering yet at the same time authoritative. She rolls her hips, and the puffed, sopping lips of her vagina kiss your twitching member.
>You release a quavering moan of pleasure, and she grins knowingly. "Now if you feel like you're gonna cum, I don't want you to hold back. Just let it happen, okay? Let it all out," A paw moves behind her back, and her sports bra flops to the ground, revealing her wonderfully full breasts.
>Her arms entwine themselves around you, and she hugs you to her chest as her hips raise, waiting over your throbbing erection. "Just do me a favour," she says as the grin on her face turns mischievous. "Whimper nice and loud for me when you bust a nut; I love that shit."
>Ruth's hips drop down on you, and she takes you inside of her with a high-pitched whine of ecstasy.
>Dear mother of God, it's like sticking your dick through the gates of Valhalla. 
>A strained cry pushes its way up your throat as Ruth puts her hefty size to good use, shifting her weight onto your crotch. The tight crevice of her womanhood slides down around you, enclosing you between silky walls and stern, squeezing muscles.
>"You.. Unnff... You like that?" asks Ruth through shaky exertions. You can feel her paws tightening their grip on your back, claws digging into skin.
>You lay your trembling hands onto the pudgy pillars of her thighs as she raises back up along your length, only to slide back down with another shameless whine of desire.
>Holy shit, your loins were on fire...
>"Ruth..." you whimper as your hands explore their way up her tender waist. "Ah f-fuck, Ruth..."
>The tendons in your neck strain as she thrusts herself back down on you, hilting you inside her entirely. You can feel your manhood pleading for release, burning hot with the fires of passion. 
>You try to cool it, push back the inevitable, make yourself last-
>And then Ruth cranes her neck, kisses you wetly on the lips and speaks.
>"Don't fight it..." she moans as she rolls herself against you. "Just-Ahhn!... just let it happen," her mouth works its way into a twitchy grin. "I know you want it..."
>Oh, Christ,
>Your hips move backwards, searching to unsheathe your cock from the merciless, milking grip of Ruth's pussy if only for a moment's reprieve, but her tremendous thighs lock around you in a stubborn refusal to let you go -- No escape. 
>Ruth moans again, louder this time, as your manhood tries and fails to twitch within the tight confines of her vagina. Her eyes are honed on yours, predatory. Demanding.
>"Don't hold it back... Ooooh f-fuck! Spurt for me..." she says between desperate huffs. Her nose nuzzles up to yours, and she spares one, final kiss, and mutters sweetly into your ear before the groping, wringing muscles of her womanhood force you over the edge. "Spurt for mommy..." 
>Oh...
>Fuck.
>Your ears ring. Your vision blurs. Your face goes numb. Wildfire rushes through your veins as your balls tighten and your heart leaps with each consecutive pump of your loins. You're dimly aware of the sound of your own voice pealing out a scream of pure, unbridled Bliss...
>This must be what heaven feels like.
>Lost in euphoria, you barely make out Ruth's whimper.
>"I love you..."
>You cling to consciousness by the fingernails, black spots dancing around the corners of your eyes as you came. 
>'Don't pass out... Jesus Christ, don't pass out...' 
>With no small amount of effort you claw your way out of the abyss, fighting to stay conscious every step of the way.
> It isn't until Ruth slumps her weight forwards onto your chest and nuzzles her head into the crux of your neck, sighing a long, pent up sigh of immeasurable satisfaction, that you drift back to the surface.
>"That was... You're incredible, you know that?" she wheezes, thoroughly exhausted. with shaky paws she cups your cheeks, angling your face so that you can stare into the liquid-black depths of her eyes. "Fucking incredible..." 
>What else can you say?
>"Thanks, Mom."
>"... Oh, fuck you, man," says Ruth, puffing out a few strained attempts of laughter before giving up and collapsing onto her back. "You seriously gonna shit on a girl for a little bedroom talk, like, RIGHT after she fucked your brains out?"
>"Hey, I'm not shitting on anything," you say, laying down beside her and holding her in a hug. "In fact, I kinda liked it -- you're cute when you get all dominant on me." 
>"Yeah? well you look like a spaz when you cum." she retorts, mimicking your cum-face with a goofy pair of crossed eyes and a tongue sticking out the side of her mouth. Despite the sheer exhaustion you felt and the smothering warmth of the afterglow trying its hardest to put you to sleep, you still manage to muster up a giggle.
>You settle down into your impromptu bed, snuggled between the pillows of the sofa and Ruth. For a while you both simply lay there, savouring the comfort of each other's presence and watching the ending credits of the movie roll over the TV screen. 
>You settle down into your impromptu bed, snuggled between the pillows of the sofa and Ruth. For a while you both simply lay there, savouring the comfort of each other's presence and watching the ending credits of the movie roll over the TV screen. 
>Eventually it's you who breaks the silence.
>"So does this mean you're my girlfriend now?" 
>"Do you seriously need to ask that question?" asks Ruth incredulously. "Dude, I stuck my tongue down your throat, made you slurp on my ham sandwich and then I fucked you silly. Take an educated guess." 
>"Sooooo..."
>"Ohmygod YES! Yes, I'm your girlfriend you beautiful, sexy fucking mongoloid, Jesus." 
>You can't help but feel that by finally hearing it from the horse's mouth, your new status as lovers has gained some formal kind of legitimacy. You snuggle closer to her, heart swelling with the delightful feeling of budding love. 
>Speaking of love...
>"So what was that you said after the whole 'spurt for mommy' thing?" you pry.
>"Nothing." answers Ruth disinterestedly. Too disinterestedly. Ruth was plenty of things, but a good liar she most definitely was not.
>"You sure about that? because it sounded a whole lot like 'I lo-'"
>"I didn't say jack shit and you're not gonna convince me otherwise." she says sternly, the crimson in her face betraying the iron in her voice. "Now go to sleep. My Mom's coming over from Transylvania to visit tomorrow, and I don't want her first impressions of my new boyfriend to be some droopy-eyed chimpanzee who nods off halfway through a conversation."
>"Okay, okay, Jeez..." you soothe, making yourself comfortable and surrendering into the welcoming arms of sleep. Ruth plucks up the TV remote and turns off the television, plunging the apartment into darkness. 
>"...Oh, and Ruth?"
>She responds only with a light snore, already asleep. For a moment you consider waking her up -- you had something important to tell her, after all -- but decide better of it. With ears like hers, she'd hear you even in her dreams. 
>"I Love you, too."
>The room is pitch-black, but her blush is so bright you see it regardless.


THE END