"And that's why you check before you ask if a Kuvasz if they're just a chubby labrador. Anyway, that's the last you're gonna hear my horrid voice, at least for the next hour" You laugh, "Anyway, here's Rejie Snowleopard, with "Egyptian Luvr." 
>As you let the next song run, you lean back in your chair muting your mic and taking a swig from your water bottle. 
>Today's casting had left you a bit dry throated, and you prayed any listeners couldn't tell. 
>As you relaxed for the time being, voices could be heard approacing your door.
>"...alright dear, he's very nice, and won't put you on the spot too much, I hope" Came the giggly voice of your, boss, Delilah." Her usually upbeat attitude was in full force today, she was likely showing around a new intern, probably some college studet wanting to get a check on their resume. 
>"W-well, ok. But I'm not the best at speaking on air." Came a second, quieter voice, the new intern.
>You put on your best smile as the door to yuor studio swings open, revealing the two entrants.
>One, was a taller canine, like a fluffy labrador, the kuvasz anthro Delilah.
>The other was a female, and quite peculiur. 
>Despite the ovbiously mouse-like features she had a bushy racoon tail, which was tucked close to her legs in a show of trepidation.
>Her blue eyes looked around at everything; the floor, the equipment, the ceiling, everything and anything but you or Delilah. 
>You had to wonder how she got this job if she couldn't make eye contact with strangers. 
>The kuvasz anthro broke the silence by pushing the newbie into the room, closing the door behind them both. 
>"Anon, meet Naomi, Naomi, this is Anon. She's going to be co-hosting your radioshow, so please show her the ropes."
>You get up, extending a hand to Naomi, which after a second she takes.
"Nice to meet you, don't worry about me, I'm just a normal weirdo." You say with a laugh.
>She doesn't even crack a smile.
>Maybe that wasn't as funny as you thought it was in your head. 
>"...Aaanyway,I'll leave you two to get aquainted. She'll be a team member from now on, so do be nice to her. Bye~"
>And with that, Delilah left, leaving the two incredibly awkward people in the room together. 
"So..." you start, hesitantly, "What kind of music have you been listening to lately.?"
>Simple, yet effective at breaking the ice. 
>Smooth Anon, keep it up.
>"Well, I usually listen to edm or pop, but lately I've been really sweet on this small band called Last Dinosaurs. Something about their sound really gets me, ya know?"
>In reality you didn't because you had just met her but you nod in affirmation.
>"So what do you like?"
"Well, I'm pretty tasteless, so I just enjnoy whatever's in the top 40."
>At her balk of disgust, you quickly try to recover.
"I-its an aquired taste. Trust me, give it a month. You'll either love it or have already quit."
>She isn't buying it, giving you a real good unamused look. 
>You were so putting her on the spot.
>"Anyway, I'll do do my best, but I can't if I don't know how to work this...thingimajig." She says, gesturing to the sound board infront of you.
>You nod, glad to get to something you knew more about.
>After an extensive explaination, you pop on your headphones, pantamiming for Naomi to get her's on, so you could start the talk show.
"Hello, ladies and gents out there on the air waves, today is Friday, which means the weekend, and more importantly, Free Talk time. Lucky for us we have a new addition to the crew, hopefully not my replacement, Naomi! Say hello to the listeners."
>The poor girl looks like a deer anthro in headlights.
"She's having a few techinal difficulties, while we get that worked out why don't we play one more song? Here's Spice Girl by Aminemal."
>The break for 'techinal difficulties' on, you turn to your co-host.
>She's practically shaking, and her eyes are prinpricks. 
>Maybe putting her out there like that was a bit of a dick move. 
"Look, sorry about that. Trust me, I know that feeling, but it will subside if you just jump in, instead of working in slowly. Kinda like jumping into a pool instead of wading, so if you want just listen in and then jumo in when you hear something that piques your intrest, just go ahead."
>The mouse-racoon nods stifly, obviously still nervous.
"Sorry about that...there were a few cables crossed..."
>The rest of the broadcast went smoothly, with you glossing over local weather, sports and traffic, with a few callers coming in to tell you their opinion about this or that.
>The topic had gone from a new radio tower to late night snacks, when Naomi finally spoke up.
>"...Shredded Cheese from the bag at three am."
"...What?"
>"You know, when you wake up at three am and eat shredded cheese straight from the bag?"
"I...I've never done that."
>"Well you've got to try it sometime, there's something about cheese at three am that's just excellent." she says excitedly. 
"Funny, a mouse getting excited about cheese?"
>"Oh ha-ha, what do humans get excited about?" she asked, sarcastically.
"Steamed hams."
>"What?"
"Nothing."

...

"You were really good once you got going, I'm actually surpsised you spoke as much as you did." You congragulate Naomi, the newbie having held an entire conversation with you during the rest of the free talk time. 
>"Th-thanks it was nothing. It gets so easy once you forget people are listening."
"That's exactly what I mean. Sometimes, you just gotta jump in."
>"I'll probably freeze up again tommorow," she chuckled quietly. "I just hope you'll be there to break me out of the ice again."
"Oh I will be, its what I do. Besides you were fantastic! Probably one of the best rookies I've gotten to work with in a long time." You say enthuseastically. 
>Naomi opened her mouth to say something, but stopped when she heard Delilah from down the hall. 
>"DARLINGS! I heard your first cast together, you sounded like best friends! Ooh I'm so glad that you got along. Anon here is a bit picky when it comes to his on air personalities."
"Am not..." You huff.
>Naomi giggles, her hair hiding one of her eyes from view in a cutely punk manner. 
>"Anyway," the Kuvasz continues. "We have an opening in our charity drive this weekend, and I would be SO pleased if you filled in."
>Without hesitation, you nod.
>"And what about you Naomi?"
>"I'd be happy to join Anon for the charity drive. When does it start?"
>"It starts at noon this Sunday, so take Saturday off because you're gonna talk your mouths off at the charity! Ta ta~!" 
>With that, the Kuvasz turned on a heel, and nearly sprinted down the hallway to greet another employee. 
>After watching you boss dissappear down the hall, you shrug on your backpack and turn to leave, but stopping as you felt a tug on your sleeve. 
>It was Naomi, who appeared to be blushing fiercely under her fur. 
>"Um...would you like to go out for some calzones?"
>Who the fuck eats calzones in 2018?
"Who the fuck eats calz- I mean, yea, sure." You catch yourself. 
>"What?" 
"Nothing, nothing" You say, emberassment burning your face.
>"Ok, so meet me at 5th West and Main, there's an italian place there that's to DIE for."
"It's a date then."
>Naomi gives you an incredibly hard look, like she would give anything to punch your lights out.
>"It's not a date."
>Oh shit.
>Was she really mad? Fuck.
>Her face suddenly lightens, and she breaks into a howling laugh.
>"You should see the look on your face!"


...

>The dinner had been fantastic.
>Not just because you liked italian food, but because your newly aquired friend Naomi was a marvel.
>She had an incredibly good sense of humor, and spent the evening doing her best to make you laugh or laughing herself. 
>Nothing got by her, joke wise, so you both had a fine time bantering back and forth.
>At some points you were both laughing so hard it almost made a scene.
>By the time you paid for the meal and left, it was almost 11:30.
>Your sides were going to be sore in the morning after this.
"Well Naomi, that was incredibly fun, but it's kinda late, and my place is across town so, I'll have to get going." You say, smiling.
>"Weeeeeell, my appartment is just a block away, so you could crash here for the night and go home in the morning," She says, smiling back.
>You take her up on her offer and follow her down the street, making idle chit-chat as you do so.
>Her appartment complex was small, tucked away on  a dead end street. 
>Wordlessly, she opens the door, giving you a 'tada' flourish with her arms as you enter her appartment. 
>It was modest, but had a touch of punk.
>A Portrait of her family hung on the wall, her, a rat anthro with dark sunglasses, her, and a racoon lady that you can only assume is her mother.
"You're an only child?"
>"Yea, my parents saw me as perfection and decided not to have another one." She replied. "Well, not my dad."
"Your dad is blind?"
>"Yeah, yeah, 3 blind mice hahaha." Naomi says with a huff.
"Sorry, didn't mean anything like that by it."
>"It's fine. I get cranky when I'm sleepy. G'night"
>With that, the mouse hybrid dissappeared into the bedroom, the door sealing behind her with a click.
>You guess that means you get the couch.

...