>You are anon.
>You are been hitting the gym these past two week as part of you new year resolution because, let's face it, you are kind of a chump.
>You have a pretty remarkable belly counting your 200 pounds and measuring 5'6" does not help much that we say.
>You have been trying to follow you routine day after day but it looks like you are losing the fight.
>It must be said that your lack of desire to continue may be due to the fact that the gym you come to is usually frequented by anthros mostly.
>Seeing the effort they put into their routine, the beefy bodies of males of different species and the occasional mocking giggle of the women that come to the place have done their part in the deterioration of your morale.
>That was until three days ago, just when you when you were asking yourself why do you continue to coming here... you met her, and here she comes.
>A very athletic female lynx, 5'1", coffee brown fur and golden honey eyes just came out of the lockers rooms sporting pink bike shorts and a short tank top of the same color that let free her toned midriff to anyone's eyes.
>She walks towards your direction and stops, directs her stoic gaze towards you, just finished half your routine and with a tone as serious as her face addresses you.
>"Good afternoon coach. Should we start?"
>You lift your fat ass and accompany it to one of the less crowded corners of the establishment, there you begin to give her instructions to start her warm-up.
>Her name is Mitzu, she started coming to this gym just days ago and that's all that you know.
>Three days ago you were again trying to complete your routine with no progress so you decide to take a break, the you saw her wearing a gray shirt and gray bike shorts, standing in middle of the place, she was looking one way to another, like she was lost. Tired and bored you ask her, without thinking, if she needed something.
>She told you that she normally was with a group with a coach, one of the gym employees, giving the instructions of the routine, but it appeared that today the coach got sick, and there was no other employee available, must of her group decided to just come tomorrow, but it looks like she really wanted to stay but didn't know what to do now.
>You got a really weird vibe from the lynx, but your tired mind choose to just go in auto-pilot, and you ask her to show you her routine schedule, and what a surprise, she does had the same routine you had been trying to do this past two weeks.
>"Oh... can you help me then?"
>You look at her and you can not help thinking that her fur looked really soft.
>"at exchange of a hug" - you joked, seconds later you realize what you just say, you really are depraved of human contact, are you?
>Trying to not spill all the spaghetti, you wanted to say it was a joke, but before you could even open your mouth...
>"Ok, sure" - she answered very serious.
>You thought you just make her mad, and at the end of the routine she would probably slap you, beat you up or maybe she will hug you... and then break your spine in two. It is well know that felyne anthros are more stronger and faster than humans.
>But much too your fears, non of the violent acts that you were thinking happened, helping with her routine when pretty smoothly, she did the stuff in the schedule exactly as you instruct her with a discipline that makes you wonder if she is in the army or something.
>Some hours later the routine was finish, she looked tired, hard breathing and everything, you handed her a water bottle.
>"Thank you coach" - she said, and engulf the liquid on the bottle.
>"Sorry, I am no coach, I don't work here" - you said
>She drinks the water until the last drop, you cant help but stare at her athletic body, toned abs, slender legs and arms with just the perfect amount of muscle and an ass just in the perfect balance of firmness and jiggle that you have only seen on midnight yoga infomercials.
>She got up, took her stuff, then went directly to the women lockers room. Once she is out of vision you smell yourself and decided to hit the showers as well.
>Minutes later you leave the males locker room, fresh as a lettuce, wearing just a black shirt, some jeans, a pair of white socks and gray running shoes. You took a little more time to get out of the showers as images of the lynx didn't help in your attempt to cool off.
>You thought that probably she had left the place and most likely fill a report about a human male trying to pose as a coach to harass female anthros. You let out a tired sigh and turn to where you last saw her...
>There she is, sitting on one of the benches, looking from one side to another, just as you saw her the first time, you walked up and took a look at her, now she wearing the same type of attire that a few minutes ago, only this time in white, her fur looked more fluffy and shiny.
>She got up and said "Thank you for today coach".
>Just when you were going to say something she approaches you and hugs you unexpectedly, your brain, possibly still  on auto-pilot, makes you return the gesture seconds later, you can not help but notice a pleasant chocolate scent emanate from her coat, you are surprised that's for sure, but the hug makes you relax physically and mentally.
>The gesture lasts only a few minutes and she separates from you, takes her things and bows her head.
>"Thank you again for today. See you tomorrow coach"- she said and walks to the exit.
>"I'm not a coach, I don't work here" - you said to her for the second time in the day.
>She turns around, looks at you seriously and fixedly, does not say a single word and then leaves the gym.
>Since then you meet her every day. The sick coach returned a few days later but the lynx did not stay with her group anymore...
>Instead, when leaving the lockers she goes straight to you, just like right now.
>"Keep going Mitzu, you are doing well" - You say cheering while you accompany her on the weight machine.
>"Yes coach" - She says diligently
>"Only 10 more repetitions and we will have finished for today" - you said to her.
>"Yes coach" - she says again.
>With the routine finished you both hit the showers, when you got out, now with a fresh change of clothes, you see her at the same benches near the counter, you approach her and she gets up.
>"Thank you for today" - she says and then waits.
>You open you arms and she gets closer, once she has contact with your belly she hugs you, gesture that you return, there it is, that chocolate scent and the softness of her fur, it fills you with energy that not taurine drink has ever give you before. 
>This time the hug lasts a few more minutes, you have not been able to avoid noticing that every day the hugs that she gives you start to last more and more each time. The hug ends and both of you separate.
>"See you tomorrow couch" - she bows her head, turn around and starts She walks towards the exit, her steps accompanied by a small wiggle of hips that wasn't there other days.
>"I'm not a coach, I don't work here" - you said to here as as the automatic doors at the exit of the place opens.
>She turns her head around and looks at you, the same stoic face as always, except this time... she smiles at you and leaves the gym.
>You really don't what's happening, but you are sure you are gonna comeback tomorrow.