Anon-san’s Escort
Part 5

My mind was reeling with the possibilities of what could happen next. Shiori spent the whole train ride pawing at me, whispering sweet-nothings in my ear. I was having a hard time believing that this was the same big shy ball of black fur that I had met only a day ago. When we stepped onto the platform, she grasped my hand and led me on a brisk walk back to the hotel. Several times, I had to bob and weave to avoid getting smacked in the face by her frantically wagging tail.

Squeezing into the elevator, Shiori wasted no time in “accidentally” shifting her weight to lean against me, her bountiful breast brushing against my face as she hit the button for the fifth floor. Taking a quick glance up at her face, I noticed that Shiori seemed to have broken into a sweat, her eyes darting about nervously.

“Shiori…”
I placed a tender hand on top of her paw, which was nearly crushing my other hand in its grip. I could feel the tension in her digits relax as I patted them gently. She didn’t seem to pay it any mind as the elevator came to a stop. The ‘ding’ of the doors opening was like a starting shot, and she pulled me straight to her room. I tried briefly to stop myself and her, but Shiori had the weight and strength advantage on me; it was like trying to stop a race horse.

“Shiori.”
I said, a bit firmer as she pushed me into her hotel room. She took a glance down either side of the hallway before stepping in herself and locking the doors. Her hands were trembling. The blush that had been on her face during most of our date was back and brighter than ever. I saw a bead of sweat course down her face to the tip of her snout as she began to unbutton her blouse.

“SHIORI!”
I shouted at her this time, and not for the first time, Shiori jumped. 

“Anon, please, I-“
She said, but I wasn’t having it.

“No Shiori, stop.”

I grabbed her wrists and gently pulled them away from her now newly exposed cleavage. Her big, fuzzy melons quivered with every frantic breath that shook Shiori’s chest, and I noticed another bead of sweat travel down between them, lost in the vast crevasse. I tore my eyes up and away before I could get distracted, focusing on Shiori’s dilated pupils. The poor thing looked terrified.

“Shiori, I know you read some…"advice" from America, but you don’t have to jump into this all at once, alright? I get that things are different here, and I don’t want you to feel pressured to do something you don’t want to do. Please, just calm down.” I spoke slowly and carefully. I let my hands stroke the fur on her arms, doing my best to comfort the flustered kitsune.

“I-I DO want to do this, Anon!” She barked, before I could say anything more. “Anon, I really like you. And I DO want to do this with you. I thought that if I did things the American way, you would want me, too…” Shiori’s ears dropped and she stared at the ground. “You liked it…what I did in the park, yes? I was j-just trying to…” She trailed off, eyes welling up.

“Shiori, it’s not like that.” I said, tilting my own head, leaning over to look her in the eyes. “I might play coy, but make no mistake, I’ve wanted to get in there since the moment I saw you. You’re the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. I didn’t want you to think I was some kinda animal, so I played it cool…er, no offense.”

Shiori crossed her arms, starting to pout again. “Well...well! Why did you stop me, then?” Her lip was quivering; I couldn’t tell if that was on purpose or not.

“Because this isn’t you, Shiori. This is just what some dumb magazines told you to do.” I slid a hand up to her shoulder, squeezing and massaging gently. Shiori visibly relaxed, her posture slumping. Her head tilted over to my hand, her cheek rubbing against the top. “If this is really where we’re going, I want it to be real, Shiori. I don’t want whatever advice you were given.” Emboldened, I moved my hand up, lightly caressing her neck before gently stroking her chin, then her cheek. Shiori cooed, her eyes closing slowly as she savored the physical affection. 

“I want YOU, Shiori. That’s all.” I said.

And that’s all that needed to be said, it seemed, because Shiori just nodded and opened her gorgeous blue eyes. Something had changed. Her gaze was half-lidded, eyelids fluttering. Lustful, yes, but not nervous. I had seen this expression earlier, in the park before we kissed. It set my heart racing the second her stare hit me.

“Okay, Anon-san. I’ll try.”

Shiori leaned down then, and our lips touched. It was slow and deliberate. Not at all desperate, but full of built up desire. I began to step backwards, toward the couch, and she followed every step. She tugged gently at my jacket collar, and I pulled my jacket off. She rubbed sweet, gentle circles into my chest, carefully pulling the buttons of my dress shirt apart. My own hands were working on auto-pilot, as well, but instead of undressing Shiori, I was exploring her. I reached beneath her blouse, feeling the incredible softness of her fur and the plush flesh beneath. I sighed into her mouth as I squeezed and kneaded her, feeling every curve, every fold. For a moment, she pulled back and whispered my name. “Anon…” 

Before I knew it, Shiori was sitting on the couch, legs splayed open. Finally pulling back from our soul kiss, I let my eyes wander her body.  Her frilly skirt was long gone, as was her blouse, leaving her in just her polka dot stockings, her plain, tan bra, and a pair of pristine white panties, complete with a tiny black bow on the front. Her soaking wet crotch was partially covered by the prodigious overlap of her pot belly, erotic in its own sense as it jiggled slightly with every one of Shiori’s breaths. She had covered her red face, and her arms were pressing her breasts together tighter than the bra could manage. It looked like it was about to tear at the seams. 

Once again pulling her hands away from her face, I stared into Shiori’s pale blue pools. 

“Don’t be embarrassed, Shiori. I said that you’re beautiful, and I meant it. Is that not clear?” I took her wrist and slid her hand down my exposed chest, to the hem of my boxer briefs. They were just barely keeping me contained, and it was obvious. The same throbbing tent I had pitched this morning was back in full force, straining against the flexible fabric in an almost painful way. 

Shiori gasped as I placed her hand over my crotch. I bet she could feel my heart beat, even through the fabric. She smiled nervously at it, then back up at me.
“Anon…is this because of me?”

“You need to ask?” I snarked. I pressed her hand a bit tighter against the bulge, smirking. Her tender paw squeezed it. 

“N-no, I suppose not…”

Shiori shook her head at my inquiry, and pulled her hand away. I raised an eyebrow at that, but then the other one lifted when I saw what she was doing. With a mischievous, dare I say, foxy grin on her face, she reached behind her back, pressing her chest out, and undid her bra. She held up the front with her arm as the straps in the back flew free.
“You like what you see, Anon?” She purred. I nodded, mouth agape, and before I could get a word out, she moved her arm, let the bra drop, and set her girls free. Hot, fucking damn. Her tits were way bigger than I had originally thought. What had appeared to be F cups trapped in a lady suit prison before turned out to be a set of massive double J behemoths. They were perky and round, pulled down by gravity, but not saggy at all. Her nipples were large as well, areolas looking something like two pink silver dollars with puffy, inverted nipples. My mouth watered as Shiori crossed her arms under them, pushing them up and bouncing them a couple of times. The smile on her face was nothing short of predatory. My own expression must have matched hers, because she lifted a single finger and beckoned me to her, her eyebrow raising. 

That was all the encouragement I needed. Without a word, I plunged face first into Shiori’s fluffy black bosom. I grabbed and squeezed those massive tits, my hands sliding all over them before pinching and playing with her puffy nipples. It was heaven. I kissed and sniffed in her perfume and licked all over, encouraged by a low moan from Shiori. She in turn stroked the hair on the back of my head, pressing me deeper into her heavenly softness. I stopped for a second, and took the tip of her left breast into my mouth, teasing and suckling gently until her swollen nipple peaked out. Her breath hitched, and she squeezed me even tighter. “A-anon…!” I looked up to her face and watched her bite her lip, trying to stop herself from panting. That only made me suck harder. She began to wine softly as I nibbled and pulled on her nipple, tweaking the other one between my fingers. 

A couple of seconds passed like this, me teasing the double-wide kitsune’s tits, savoring every second of her warmth and her taste, before she roughly grabbed the back of my neck and pulled me off of her teat. 

“Anon, cut it out!” She said, sounding flustered. She really was panting now, her tongue lolling out. “You can’t make me have all the fun!” She pushed me over, planting my back onto the couch. “Let me please you, too…” She pouted at me like a puppy, which would have been a lot cuter if she wasn’t looming over me like a predator. 

I grinned. “Alright, Shiori. Let’s go at your pace.” I placed my hands behind my head. I noticed, to my shock, that my grey Stetson had managed to stay on my head this whole time. “Go ahead and take the lead, ma’am.” I said, doffing my head at Shiori, who was now doing her best to not laugh.

“Okay, okay.” She giggled, crawling back just a little bit. “Just relax, Anon~.” The couch creaked under her weight as she carefully slid into a comfy position, laying on her stomach. Then she slid her thumbs into the waistline of my boxers relishing the expanding view of my dick. Once my boxers slid free of my waist, said cock flopped out at full mast, smacking into Shiori’s fuzzy chin on the way out. 

“Pfft-hahahahahahaaah!!!” Shiori started cracking up before I could say anything, and as she yucked it up, wiping away tears, I joined her, laughing like a madman. I calmed down after a couple of seconds, though, and looking at the state of my cock, throbbing and aching for attention, I poked Shiori’s nipple gently to get her attention. “Hmm?” She looked at me inquisitively, before her gaze shifted down to my painfully erect cock. 

“Oh! Oh…” Shiori said. She looked like a kid in a candy store. Her eyes were wide, and she licked her lips hungrily. She placed a delicate finger on my dick, and in one slow, careful motion, she dragged her amazingly soft paw pad down to the base, and then back up again. I moaned under my breath, watching as she explored me. Shiori closed her eyes a brought her snout right up against my head and took a tiny, experimental sniff. Then she dove lower and pressed her cold, wet nose into my balls and took a deep, appreciative whiff of my scent. Her whiskers tickled all over, and I struggled not to buck my hips and accidentally whack her snout again.”Mmmmmm….” She hummed,  and opening her mouth wider than I though possible, she dragged her wide, hot tongue up my shaft, letting it slip and wrap around my tip in one slow, graceful motion. This time, I couldn’t hold it back. I moaned, my hand reaching down to grasp her shoulder to steady myself. 

“Aahhh…f-fuck Shiori…That feels amazing.”

Shiori didn’t speak. She just dropped me a sly wink and continued to lap at the head of my dick like a lollipop. Occasionally, she threw in an appreciative moan, that same kind of moan I had made when eating her cooking. She was savoring my taste, and she wanted me to know it. Her eyes locked with mine and she continued. Her pulled back and licked her lips, then in one quick motion, she engulfed my entire dick in her mouth. It was like a sauna in there; hot and wet. She rolled her tongue around my cock and suckled it, her nose pressed into my pubes. She hummed again, and I felt the vibration reverberate through me. I moaned her name, louder this time. How was she so good at this!? She sucked hard, her lips stretching a bit as she pulled back. My cock escaped her mouth with a loud, wet, ‘POP’.  She leaned on one arm, hand cupping her chin and fluttered her eyelashes at me. 

“Anooon~” She purred at me. 

I was struggling to catch my breath after her initial assault on all my pleasure centers. My head was spinning as I croaked out my response. 

“…Yeah, Shiori?” I was fresh out of funny one liners. At this point, I was just trying to keep up.

Shiori smiled wickedly, as she reared up a bit, letting her breasts hang, her nipple lightly brushing with my tip. I could have sworn that, for just a second, her eyes changed from icy blue to blood red. When she spoke again, it was like whisper and growl escaped her mouth at the same time.
“I’m gonna eat you up~!”
Before I could react, Shiori lifted her breast up, and moving her entire body to do so, slammed them down on my dick, which was instantly trapped between the massive fluffy mammaries. It was plush perfection.

“F-FUCK!” I shouted, bucking my hips. Shiori’s fur was like black velvet, and as she pressed her breasts together, that soft, squishy warmth pressed down on my dick like a vice. She didn’t stop there, though. Shiori immediately started pumping her breasts up and down on my dick, lapping at the head of my dick with her tongue every time it peaked out. 
“Come on, Anon…move your hips!” Shiori said, her tone suddenly authoritative. I couldn’t have resisted if I wanted to. I braced both hands on her shoulders, and started desperately thrusting upward into her cleavage. Shiori let her tongue hang, drooling on my cock to make it easier. Her hot breaths on my tip only drove me further, my hips bucking harder and more desperately. Shiori’s moans mixed with mine as the frantic tit-fucking continued. “Ahh~! Anon! Ahhhh~!” Shiori was breathing hard at the exertion, but she kept up her attack. She was rolling and rubbing her tits all over my dick as I started to slow down.

“Sh-Shiori, wait, if you keep this up, I’m gonna blow!” I took my hands off of Shiori’s shoulders and tried to pull myself out of the squishy vice that was her breasts, but she just kept on pumping. She stared up at me, rolling her tongue all over the head of my cock. There is was again. She blinked, and it was gone, but I was sure that her eyes were red. 

“Fffffffuck…!” I strained to hold it in, and grabbed the arm of the couch, using it as leverage. I yanked my lower body out from under Shiori before she could finish me off. 

Huffing, trying to catch my breath, I held a palm out to Shiori, who looked exactly like a beast, ready to pounce. Her smile was wide, and she showed the barest flash of teeth. 
“Just give me a sec, Shiori. Holy shit…” I was shaking. My cock was throbbing to the rapid pace of my pulse. I stopped focusing on it, and took a deep breath. That sensation, like a water balloon about to break, lessened to a dull ache in my balls. Crisis averted.
“Okay…Now.”  I looked at Shiori, who’s predatory gaze had relaxed. She was back to a curious puppy again. I lifted the Stetson off of my head and placed it on hers, blocking her sight for just a second. 

“Ehh!?” Shiori squeaked as I dove in, reaching down and lifting her meaty legs. Shiori flopped backwards onto her back in shock. I grabbed her panties at the hem, and roughly yanked them up, off of her hips, sliding them off her legs and tossing them to the floor. Before she could protest. I took hold of her knees and parted her thighs, positioning hips right In between, the tip of my cock poised and ready to invade her precious valley. “Heh heh heh…” I laughed, as menacingly as possible in this situation as Shiori managed to fumble about and get my hat out of her face. 

“A-anon!?” She yipped at me, wide eyed. She stammering, looking for the right words.

I took the opportunity to gently prod and rub her clit with the tip of my dick, eliciting a sharp moan from her. “Yes, Shiori?” I growled, grinning devilishly.

Shiori’s eyes slid down to my crotch, then she once again covered her face with her paws. What she said came out barely above a whisper.

“Don’t be gentle…”

I wasn’t.

The sound of flesh slapping against fur reverberated through the quiet hotel room as I pounded away at Shiori. No words needed to be said. She clung to me, desperately wrapping her legs around my waist as I slammed my cock into sopping wet pussy. I had to stop for a second to catch my breath, and in that time I reached down to tease and play with Shiori’s clit. She shivered in dug her claws into my back, moaning in bliss. Ignoring the pain, I planted my hands on the arm of the couch, just above where Shiori’s head rested, and continued my attack on her privates. She must have liked this new angle, because her moans became screams, her paws leaving my back to brace herself on the couch cushions. Shiori started to thrust back in time with my pumps. Her eyes were screwed shut in concentration, her tongue lolling out of her mouth. The feel of her was incredible, every thrust caused her whole body to shake, her breasts and belly bouncing and jiggling with every wet smack of our privates meeting. I thought that I’d be exhausted at this point, but the sight of her body rippling as I slammed into her, the sounds of her moans, and the heavenly hot, wet tightness of her loins brought out the animal in me. By this point I was just grunting and pounding away, determined to make her mine. It was hard to slow down.

Even so, I knew my limits, and I was getting close to the end. Pausing for a second, a leaned back and stretched my arms. Then, I roughly grabbed Shiori by the ankles, lifting her legs up slightly.
“Anon?” Shiori mewled in a daze, looking up at me with half-lidded eyes.
I didn’t say a word. I just grinned at her and pulled my hips back, slowly retreating from her sweet honey pot, savoring the feel of her vaginal walls trying to squeeze and pull me back in. I looked down, and saw that only the head of my cock was still inside her, though it was clear by the feel of her winking cunt that she wanted me back. Shiori’s sleepy expression was replaced with needy confusion. She began to whimper softly at me, her brow furrowed.
My devilish grin returned, but Shiori had only a moment to see it. I pulled her legs together so that they were parallel with me, sliding my arms around them to keep them secure. And then, after a slight adjustment of my hips, I reared back and slammed my cock back into Shiori with everything I had. I could feel Shiori’s whole body shake with the force of my blow.

“YIP!”

“Wut.”
I pulled back, and again, slammed my dick back into place, forcing it as deep as possible.

“YIP!”

“Oh, that is ADORABLE!”
I laughed as I laid into her. This was the final stretch, so I went harder than ever my hips working with all the force I could muster. Shiori’s yipping was near defeaning as I plowed her, the whole couch rocking with the force of my pounding. I could feel my balls ready to burst as I kept hammering. I gritted my teeth with the exertion. “Not…yet…!” I let out a guttural roar of pleasure as I doubled my efforts, pummeling Shiori’s pussy with all of my might. Shiori tried to grip the couch for leverage again, but her paws just feebly batted at the plush cushions while her eyes rolled into the back of her head. When I increased my speed, it pushed her right over the edge. She arched her back, screwed her eyes shut and let out what could only be described as a howl, her whole body quaking with the orgasm. Her pussy clamped down on me as she shook, milking me for all I was worth. As my dam broke, Shiori screamed. “MAKE ME YOURS, ANON!” I thought I was going to black out as I spurted thick ropy strands of hot cum inside her. My hips bucked involuntarily as I let it all out, squeezing Shiori’s legs to me. I could feel her whole body tremble a second time, and when I tried to pull out, Shiori opened her legs, reached up and pulled me against her, locking her legs around my waist. I wasn’t going anywhere. I kept rolling my hips, emptying my balls inside her ravaged cunt until the spasms finally stopped. 

The both of us were breathing hard, struggling to catch our breaths. Shiori’s legs were locked tight, her paw tenderly stroking the small of my back. We held each other there, just as we had the night before, but so much more intimately. Shiori nuzzled the top of my head, and I kissed and nibbled at the cleavage my face was pressed into. What was it they used to say back at home? Happiness is a warm gun? I always knew what it meant, this wasn’t my first rodeo, but damn if it didn’t make that much more sense now. I was exhausted yes, but caught up in a feeling of pure bliss. Shiori was more cozy than the finest satin cushions, softer than velvet, warmer than an electric blanket. To be surrounded by this feeling, this was what I had felt in my dreams. What I desired. Here, in the arms of this shy, black furred kitsune, I had found peace. And nothing in the world could take that away. 

As I began to nod off, I felt Shiori plant several tiny kisses on the top of my head. “I love you, Anon…I love you so much…” She mewled. I squeezed her breast gently, cupping them in my palms and I looked up, into her eyes. 

“I love you too, Shiori.” 

I gave her a big, dopey smile as I faded, my eyelids getting too heavy to keep open. Before I passed out, I heard her whisper something in Japanese. It was clear she was also drowsing, but thinking about it later, I understood. 

As we nodded off, cradled in each other’s arms, Shiori murmured softly: “Please don’t leave me…”


<=TO=BE=CONINUED=(OvO)=