>Several days have come and gone if your little window was any indication.
>Your sleeps are short and dull, the food the staff provide is dull and flavorless.
>The most interesting parts of your day are when the wolf and their silent rodent friend return.
>They come every day now, repeating the card exercise with new cards often including a new puzzle or test for you
>Word association in both languages, getting you to identify in both what the differences between a set of shapes was and yesterday wolfy brought a pencil and some paper and had you write some words down, turning the page to themselves to write something in their own language and passing it back and forth between the both of you until the paper was filled
>You think they're trying to bypass the language barrier by getting both you and themselves to understand the basics of both your languages and alphabets.
>It's working at least, you can understand more of what the medical staff say and what the wolf says too.Still, there's definitely gaps in your understanding. Contextual cues or subtleties that evade your grasp.
>You don't know how long you’ve been awake nor how long you’ve been here. Wherever here is. From your perspective you were essentially dead, trapped forever in a state between waking and sleeping in an icy tomb only to be suddenly awoken by animal people and dunked into a convenient tub of hot water.
>Your view on things is patchy at best, you don't recall much beyond what your mind declares the ‘basics’. A debatable view on normality, a grasp of english and familiarity with other languages and an in depth knowledge of the effects of cryo-sickness which you put to great use when you nearly died earlier
>However long it's been has been long enough for your brain to fully defrost. You’re more aware and cognisant now, thinking more rather than just reacting.
>An increased awareness of the self has brought with it an increased desire to panic however, this situation is not normal and you’re not even sure what normal is.
>You have no clue what your own name is, you can't remember your own face and more to the point your ‘hosts’ or perhaps, captors, have neglected to fill you in on these details, instead dropping by randomly to play word games.
>You wanted,needed, answers.
>Your train of thought is rudely interrupted by the sudden arrival of the aforementioned canid and their rodent companion. Striding into the room sporting a doggish grin they give you a nod of greeting or acknowledgment.
>The rodent takes their usual seat in the corner of the room, slab of plastic in hand or claw? and focuses their attention upon it, paying you no heed.
>The wolf mutters something to himself in their 'beastspeak' before sighing and focusing on you
>whatever they said was too low for you to pick up 
>the wolf pulls the little side table around one again and lays out some cards 
>today however you have a different idea of lessons, you reach out and put your hand atop the canid's startling them 
>golden eyes meet your own, whatever color they were and the two of you simply stare for a moment, the canine looking confused if not worried and yourself looking (at least you think) determined 
>Speaking anything beyond the handful of words in the lesions had thus far eluded you,, the wonderful after-effects of severe cryo-trauma coupled with the muscular strain from a jaw frozen for god-knows-long.
>You will try nonetheless, you feel that you won't get the answers you yearn for from these language lessons
"Who, are you?" you rasp, your voice tired and chilling. 
>the wolf is agape, quite unsure how to respond to your sudden inclination to curiosity. 
>you hear furious tapping behind you, the rodent seems to have taken interest for once. 
>you gaze into the wolf expectantly, they blink a few times before quickly clearing their throat to respond
>"um, well, I'm clara." they reply, revealing a name and gender both.
”Where am i, clara?” 
>“You’re in-” she looks to the rodent for a moment, “You’re in a hospital, to uh, to treat you. You weren't very well when they brought you in.”
