tags: Short, crocodile, f/m femdom, cunnilingus, GAMER HOURS


This story was based on a sketch by DoctorDJ, written and reposted w/ permission ^^ 

https://d.facdn.net/art/doctordj/1595552666/1595552666.doctordj_gamer-gator.jpg
---
Olivia stalked through the decrepit hallway, ignoring the crumbled bits of concrete crunching beneath her boots. She creeped forward, her weapon shouldered and at the ready while gunfire echoed from up ahead. There wasn’t much time. The exit was within her grasp; she had to move!

The thundering pulse of her heart hammered in her ears. Her tail nervously flicked as she neared the corner, fingers wrapped around the front grip of her rifle in a white-knuckle grip, and her nerves flaring higher as the gunfire stopped. In its place was an uncomfortable silence. Olivia’s ears strained, trying to pick up on anything that shouldn’t be: footsteps, voices, anything at all.
Silence.

Rallying her courage, she stepped out of the hall and into the lobby. It was in the front entrance that she noticed far too late a shape, something out of place atop the rubble. The moment of confusion lasted only but for the briefest of seconds before it morphed into terrifying shock with an ear-shattering BANG. The alligator’s entire body clenched, jumping at the sound. The screen went black.

“Dammit!” Olivia cursed, all but throwing her headset atop her desk. She stared at the screen unseeing, still tense. The stress of the game lingered far beyond its due, her chest shuddered, and her hands shook from the rush of the game.

“mMFMFFF!”

Olivia glanced downward, looking through the glass desktop. Hidden beneath the counter  was a man’s head. Locks of his messy hair barely visible with the rest of him squished between the alligator’s thighs. He cried out; the sound muffled by several pounds of scale and muscle set on either side of him,  and a smile formed on Olivia’s lips at the fruitless wriggling. It was cute he thought he could move her.

“Aww...sorry hun, did I squeeze too hard~?” She laughed.

“Hmmfffmmffmm... mmmf… ” He pouted.

Olivia was merciful, relaxing around the poor dear, just enough that he could breathe. But, she couldn’t resist the sweet temptation of crossing her legs behind his back, and keeping him right where he was—nestled nice and close to her lap.

The smooth flesh of his cheek was so very different to the supple scale of her inner thigh and experiencing that softness was a pleasure of its own. There was another muffled murmur, the sound intoxicating music to her. He couldn’t escape even if he tried. Olivia was fond of reminding him of that very fact. She placed a scaled hand atop his head, lazily playing with her pet’s hair and sifting the fascinatingly soft black silk between blunted claws.

‘He always makes such adorable sounds when I brush his scalp~,’ She grinned.

He immediately started squirming. The vibrations of his lurid moans against her groin was titillating, and the breathy cries became louder the closer towards his neck her digits roamed. She felt her touch reverberate across his body, running down his back in fitful spasms. The slow circles she traced atop his crown left him shivering, and Olivia in return sampled the rush of evoking that kind of response with but simple touch.

“Mmff, fuck, this game is frustrating. Gonna need a break after that raid....” She thought aloud, leaned back in her chair, and a wicked gleam in her eyes as an idea came to her.

Palm swirling along the back of her pet’s head, she gently parted her legs and gave her ensnared prey some reprieve...right before she pulled him face-first against her exposed lips.

Sadistic glee welled up within her breast. He didn’t resist. Olivia ground against his face as he took to his duty with eager obedience like a good pet should and attended to his Mistress’ needs. Rolling bursts of ecstasy welled from deep within her core, the human’s talented tongue feverishly lapping across her dripping folds, tasting every inch that he could.

“Ooh, good boy,” she huffed. A low moan growled from Olivia’s throat, rising into a sharp hiss when those familiar lips then sealed around her clit. Electric jolt crashed up her spine, crackling and buzzing all over. In her excitement the gator’s hips rolled within her seat, body feeling light yet tense from the growing energy of impending release. She held him there, nearly drowning him in her nethers, and moaning whoreishly.

“God, right there...m-more! Make your Mistress cum.” She commanded, toes curling from the unabating worship of her sex. She could just barely see him, buried beneath the glorious mass of her firm body. The difference in strength was its own drug, upping her high to new heights. It felt amazing to wield this power, the ability to dominate her favourite plaything, and force him to submit to her desires. Sure, there were sophisticated methods: a compliment here... a command there… and the right bit of humiliation…

But it was equally fun to enjoy the simple things, like smothering him between her thighs, forced upon his knees as she used his face. How must it feel, she wondered? Being made to feel so small? Turned into an object of pleasure, made to eat pussy until your tongue was sore, all the while your mistress’s thighs close in and clench at your head.

His forehead brushed against the edge of her squishy paunch, mouth filled with the taste of her lust and lungs with the smell of her arousal. She drew him closer with her legs, his back pushing against her calves with his breath. The edge of her belly sat atop his brow, her fat tail slapping against the floor in bliss. Every so often she’d ease up, letting him pull back just enough to draw a gasp, only to bring him back so he would resume lavishing her flower.

Two warm, soft hands trailed along the flare of her hips, kneading and groping all the while. Those inquisitive digits teased for the incredible firmness of her muscular body, shrouded by the pleasing layer of adipose that gave the alligator her curvaceous figure. Yet, Olivia didn’t remember giving the boy permission.  His disobedience deserved punishment.

She cried out, bellowing as that bundle of energy exploded into all-consuming warmth. Every minor sensation heightened, the barest touch of skin on scale, the caress of tongue against her cunt, it made the fibers of her body feel as if they were growing undone. Olivia mercilessly ground against her submissive, riding out the nirvana of orgasm as he struggled to stay upright beneath the barrage of her writhing.

... Later, she decided. Olivia would punish him later.

Heat lapping at her cheeks, Olivia blinked, breathing hard from her intense climax. Her vision refocused on the screen in front of her. She gave her dear lover’s head a pat, easing him away from her steaming slit, hugging him with a careful squeeze of her legs only to quaver from his tired affection—still trying to pleasure her. “Such  a good pet…” she cooed, slowly loosening her hold on him. It was sweet, really.

Spent and in a daze, the boy collapsed backwards against her waiting calves. His hot breath fogged the glass, cheeks flushed a shade of pink, eyes shut with a content smile; beads of her nectar frosted his lips and ran down his chin.

“Well, don’t you look just adorable…” She crooned. Olivia wasn’t one to break character, but she couldn’t hide her smile as her dear submissive rose onto his knees and hugged her middle, his arms draped across her waist. The alligator’s tail flexed and curled pensively, her smile turning lecherous at a certain hardness poking against her thigh.

“God, look at you: panting, covered in Mistress’s cum, and still begging me for more? What did I ever do to deserve a dedicated boy like you~?” She laughed quietly, rumbling at the tickling press of his lips against her tummy.

In fact, eyeing the monitor,  he’d given her an idea. “Ready for a few more rounds?” She asked him, though she would not take ‘no’ for an answer. He volunteered to be her ‘encouragement’ for the day, anyway.

“Mmffmmmm”  he replied with a  nod. Her palms wrapped behind his head and guided him back down towards all good submissive’s rightful place—beneath her.
“Good. Now be good and sit still, you’re going to be my stress ball until I finish this quest.”
Donning her headset, Olivia started another round, playfully crushing and rocking her lover side to side between her hips, occasionally pressing in just to hear him squeak.

It would be a long, exhausting three hours.
