There is a photo framed just above the fireplace. There are many others covering the shelf, but this one is the center piece of the collection. It is a large, family photo of at least two dozen people. Those in the back had to stand on ramps so that they could be in the shot. It is a peculiar family not only because it is a mix of Humans and Anthros, but because the Anthros itself were a rare breed: tall Leopard Seals standing an average seven and a half feet, though many were certainly taller. The picture was littered with their blue and black bodies, followed by those of their human spouses and children. Which at best could only reach chest high to their seal counterparts. Everyone is smiling at the camera as they hold their spouses and children.

Yet there is one who doesn’t smile. In the bottom center of the photograph is the family Matriarch, standing beside her husband- A older human male with short blond hair, dressed in his military uniform. Unlike her children and grandchildren, she shows no spots of black fur, only the deep, dark blue fur she was born with. She, like everyone else, is smiling. But she is hunched over with her armed draped across the chest of her elderly Father sitting in a chair, her nose nuzzling against his face ever so slightly.

The man does not smile. His face almost seems like it doesn’t have the bone structure needed to smile. He looks frail and weak, liver spots are spattered over his bald head and there are deep bags under his eyes. His eyes themselves look tired, but content. As if he knew his life was coming to a close but no longer cared about such trivial things. One of his hands-the one missing two fingers- is reaching up and petting his daughter as she hugs him close to her. His other arm is hold his great grand daughter in his lap. A small seal barely a year old sitting on his knee and leaning into his chest. Even though it’s just a photo one can see how tight he is holding her, the last signs of strength that still inhabit the old body.

At the bottom of the photo’s frame there is a gold inscription:

                                                       Anon’s 85th Birthday.