The sound was almost rhythmic in it's uniformity. Something sinking into the dirt, and the splattering of clay as it deposited the dirt elsewhere. 
As it continued across the desert, a few passing lights illuminated the scene. A shape, hunched in the dull red twilight as a well kept shovel moved dirt with patience and care.
A large glossy box sat nearby in the dirt, with a smaller travel suitcase next to that.
The hole he dug was sizable, and he was now working on deepening it.
As the neon from the distant diner flickered off, the shape looked up, then to a watch on his wrist. He took a long drink from a silver flask and sat on his large box, looking briefly at it as he stroked it's surface before the sound of movement caused him to jerk up. His left hand subtly vanished under his large leather coat that was fair too large but successful in hiding his body.
The movement came from a small group from the diner who slowed as they were spotted. The figure panted quietly behind his gas mask.
"You okay dude? Weather's pretty hot for an old guy to be burying treasure" the dingo snorted, ear cocked and head tilted. The cat next to the dingo was straining to look around the figure at his belongings before she gasped, ears flattening "what the fuck, is that a-"
"DON'T GOT NO TREASURE, NOTHING HERE FOR YOU MOVE ON." 
His voice muffled through the mask so he yelled to make himself heard. The larger wolf snorted "relax man, it was just a joke, we just wanted to see if you needed-" the cat grabbed her friends, pulling them away, earning confused growls. "That's a goddamn coffin! What the fuck?" She spoke, the two looking back as the sun slowly rose over the red mountains.
The man had not moved, perched on his dark olive colored coffin like a ghoul. "Hey, why do you have that coffin?" "Come on! We gotta call the cops!" 
With a swiftness, the three froze as the figure held out a long shotgun from his duster. "NO COPS"
The wolf snarled, baring her teeth, moving to shield her friends. The figure shifted, behind his mask glancing at his watch. "I'm behind schedule,  you, big girl you can help me by digging" "Fuck you" but a lowering of the gun made her slowly move and pick up a shovel, digging. "You two, by the coffin, move" and the two obeyed, all fluffed and fury.
The man nodded, moving to cover all of them. "So what's in the box? Your last victims?" The dingo growled, the cat smacking his shoulder.
"It's not what's in the box, it's what's  going in the box" the man sighed, lowering the gun slightly. "I'm sorry, but the cops can't come until I'm finished here"
The wolf grunted and tossed some dirt on his shoes "and you can't have witnesses?" 
The man sighed,  shaking his head. "Truth is, I'm not here to hurt anybody, but I won't let you kind folks ruin my plans" "sure, and the shotgun is for snakes and lizards" the cat hissed.
The man growled behind his mask "you see how the world is? How crazy things are? Who doesn't need some personal protection?!" His body shook with rage, even under his coat. He looked at the hole and then at his watch. "Deep enough, you two, help her out" he motioned with the gun as he walked to his suitcase. As they tugged each other up, the man worked off his shoes and replaced them with a pair of gleaming black boots with white spats from his suitcase. He stretched his back and tossed the shotgun away. The dingo shot out and grabbed it, accidentally  pulling the trigger as he leveled it. Click. "AH..What?"
The wolf snarled and charged, stopping dead as a bullet sprayed dirt at her feet. The figure moved slowly, revealing his gleaming silver revolver like an old west cowboy. "This one is loaded, but it's not for You, don't." He warned, looking away briefly as a black car burned down the highway towards them.
"Almost time...fuck" "time for what?!" The cat whined. None of them were prepared as the man pulled away his gas mask, throwing off his coat. A human. An honest to god human man, dressed in his best. In a midnight blue pinstripe suit and a swirling red tie, he looked like he walked off the set of a gangster movie, topped by a wide felt hat as he slid the silver gun etched with "laughter" on the side back into a hip holster under his jacket.
The three were stunned silent before the dark car pulled up. Out walked a grim looking lion who's eyes showed he'd been sobbing. "Always predictable" the man smiled, embracing the dark maned lion in a way that was familiar and yet uncomfortable. Clearly not the hugging type. "I wish you'd reconsider, please, you can still..." The lion trailed off as the man shook his head and held up a hand. "You said you'd help me with this Justin, don't let me down now" the man sighed, pulling away and going to move the coffin in the hole. The lion jumped and looked at the three still standing nearby "who is this?"
"Bystanders; you three can go call the police now" the group stepped back equally. "What? No! Wha..you just pointed a gun at us, I'd like to know why!" The dingo threw the empty shotgun away, their anger and shock replaced with confusion.
The lion bit his lip "please, don't,  this isn't how we wanted it this-" "Changes nothing Justen. You swore, you gave me your word, you would" "you're really just going to throw your life away? And make me do it?!" The lion roared, shaking as he sobbed.
The group jumped, looking in disbelief. " You came all the way out here to kill yourself? And threatening us?!" The cat hissed, the dingo grabbing her before she lunged. "You weren't supposed to be here, no one ever stops, the cops would have just tried to stop me" the human groaned, shoving his coffin as close to the hole as he could before turning back. "There, now...do it" 
All four protested, the wolf stepping between the lion and man. "Whoa no! Listen, you're obviously not well, we can get you someone who can help maybe-" the man fired another round into the earth by his foot. "HELP?! WHAT HELP?! The damn sickness either turned everyone in goddamn furries or killed their ability to breed human children, any child I have, if I find another human, will be some abomination of man and beast! The world ended and I'm just a straggler, some sick mistake!"
The man took off his hat to press his revolver against his head. "I can't be a suicide, but I can't live in a world I won't matter anymore!"
Justen, the lion growled "SO YOU'LL LEAVE ME?! Your best friend?! You matter to me! I named you my child's godfather, please just reconsider, you can still have a life!"