"Bear and Mouse"
By Neon Dreams


The hot Araxion sun beat through the window and down on the ratfolk girl’s face. She squinted as she roused from her slumber. Shortly after sitting up and stretching, she went through her morning ritual of checking her backpack for any missing items. She counted, two loaves of Kavianian bread, some pizza she managed to snatch from some Mideteran migrants, some fresh clothes, the fake ring her old boyfriend used to rob her of her dignity, and fourteen silver pieces. She went through her second ritual of cursing the fake ring. 

She was Jill Mattimeo, for the time being, she was just Jill. Once a nobleman’s daughter belonging to a powerful noble family, she now lives as either a swindler, a bard, or a “tour guide”. She found all three of these occupations dull and she’d do anything else for a living. But, like almost everyone else, she just needed money to get on with her life, and to pay off the damages she inflicted on her family. 

She hopped out of her human-sized bed, put on her old clothes, got her gear, and made her way out of the completely ordinary inn she stayed at. As she left, she thought about why the inn charged a silver a night. A nameless, ordinary inn that doesn’t even offer room service. What a sham. But, she sent her thoughts back on track, she was going to rob someone. Not anyone here, she thought. This town of, “Grenvelm”, was an town full dumb country bumkins. Nothing but hicks and farmers, she hated it here and it only made her want to go back to her home in Burmecia even more. Unfortunately, father swore to disown her if she didn’t pay for her mother’s missing pendendat. A wedding gift. She rolled her eyes at the thought of returning to her family. She looked around, everyone here was a peasant. If there was coin to be made her, it would be copper. She figured the best course of action would be to hit the road and maybe trick some idiot traveller into coughing up some coin.

She made her way down the beaten road, the Araxion highlands proved to be a wondrous sight. Vast plains and meadows, all at the footstep of Mount Apacha. Not that it belonged to Araxion in the first place. She discarded the thought from her head, she wasn’t interested in the current state of the world. She was only interested in what concerned her. That was her world. She stopped walking and sat on the side of the road. Sipping from her water skin, she looked up the blue skies and pondered about her future. She couldn’t think of much. 

She pulled out her hated fake ring from her bag and examined it. At least it looked pretty. Her ears twitched as she heard the sounds footsteps and shifting metal coming down the road. She jerked her head, she saw a manfolk clad in half-plate and lugging a massive sword across his back. He looked dangerous, but if she was careful enough she could get some decent coin. She quickly thought of an act and then began acting. Jill stood up and did her best to look worried. The human looked her way as he was approaching, so far so good. Her face lit up as the human approached her and flagged him down. 

“O-oh thank goodness... I need some help. I have just received a letter. My father had past away and I am supposed to inherit his fortune of 500 gold pieces. I don't have enough gold to handle the paperwork...but I have this ring. It’s a priceless family heirloom. I’ll give this ring to you for 50 gold pieces, and then I’ll come back later to buy it back for 250 gold pieces. Agreeable, yes?", she spoke with honeyed words. Her time as a noble helped her perfect her speech, and her lying. 

The human cocked an eyebrow, and spoke in a thick accent, “Do you happen to have this letter on you, little mouse?” 

Jill quickly uttered out something, “Well, not really it was lost in a fire you see.” She paused. “Say, what's your name, friend?”

“Bjorn Gromminson.”, he said in his thick tone. 

She nodded in acknowledgement, “Ah, as a human,  I take it you are from these parts?” she said playfully with a cheerful smile on her face.
“I’m a Cardonbour.”, Bjorn snorted. 

“A-a what?”

“I am Norse, little mouse.”, Bjorn said distastefully. 

“Aha, a northerner huh? I bet you’ve killed plenty of men with that….hunk of iron on your back.”, she joked. At this point she had no idea what she going on about. She would have to think of another way to get coin out of him. 

“Say, you’re a sell sword right? I have a small problem mysel-

Bjorn cut her off, “I’m not going to buy the dumb ring off you, little mouse. And I have no interest helping you, unless you pay me.”

“B-but, I’m in need of coin! I’m alone and living on the road! Have you any sympathy for a poor soul?”, Jill was going to lose her chance at coin, again.

“If money is something you want, it’s something you’ll have to earn. I don’t give my money to anyone unless they deserved it.”, he stated in his thick voice. 

Jill lunged and hugged around his legs. She had her face digging into the towering northerner’s thigh. She begged, “P-please! I’ll do anything for coin, I swear it!” She thought about taking the coin purse from Bjorn, but then she realized that a Norseman like him could probably rip her delicate frame in half.

Bjorn asked the ratfolk girl, “Anything?”

Jill looked up at Bjorn, she was sure that the task he had in mind was going to be dangerous. How dangerous, she wasn’t sure.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

They went back to the same inn in Grinvelm, much to Jill’s dismay. Bjorn had bought out the place for the next two days when he plopped a small sack full of gold. He barked out, telling everyone that the place was his for the next few days. Everyone in the inn left, no one was  interested in angering a northerner carrying a sword roughly the size of a large man. 

And here they were now, sitting in the “master” bedroom of the inn. Jill wasn’t exactly keen on learning what her important task was going to be. She sat on the bed, scratching behind her ear, and then pulling a slice of pizza out of her bag. It tasted good. 

Bjorn looked at her for a moment, she was a strange girl. She was cute at least, for a ratfolk. She was gray-furred, big eyed, and it seemed she was always looking for something to put her at ease. All things he found cute. He began to take off his armor, revealing his rugged and built chest. It caught the attention of Jill, who finished eating her slice of pizza. She didn’t look at him too well before, but for what he was, he was immaculate and, dare she thought, handsome. 

Bjorn kicked off his boots and sat on a cushioned chair next to the bed. He looked at Jill for a moment, “Well, what are you waiting for. Take off your clothes.” 

Jill’s face burned with embarrassment and shock. It was the first time anyone has ever asked her that, let alone demanded it out of her. “A-are you  sure about this, m-m-maybe there’s something else you had in-”

Bjorn took a hefty pouch from his belt and tossed it to her. It landed on her soft chest and slip to her lap. She slowly opened it up, and counted. One hundred and fifty gold pieces. She gulped in realization of what she had to do. Father and mother had a held great disdain for degenerates. Father went on about how the drunkards should be round up and imprisoned, and Mother ranted about how prostitutes were nothing but wastes of flesh that lost potential. She was prostituting herself. She held back tears, and swallowed what pride and shame was left of her. If there was any.

She put the coin purse on the nightstand next to the bed. Jill nervously began to unbutton her shirt, looking down as she did so. She had a very lithe body, thanks to her metabolism. Bjorn noticed that despite being a ratfolk and looking dainty, she was very much in shape. Slowly, and with little grace, she pulled off her shirt. She had her arms wrapped over her breasts as she attempted to undo her pants. Bjorn watched her with careful eyes as he leaned forward. He had a closed fist under his chin as examined her. He liked what he saw, but he was starting to get impatient as the gray-furred ratfolk girl slowly tried to undo her pants button. 

He leaned back, “You need at least one of your arms, little mouse. If you hurry it up I might add another hundred-fifty to what I’m already giving you.”

Jill stood motionless for a moment, there was no “womanly” pride left in her now. She let go of her breasts and undid her pants button. Bjorn’s eyes feasted on her exposed firm, supple breasts. He stared at them for awhile and shifted his eyes over to Jill’s face. Her ears were blistering red and her jaws were trembling. Nervously, she slid her pants off. She looked away at Bjorn, covering her bare body the best she could. Quietly, Bjorn sat up and stood in front of her. He was a mountain compared to her. 

Jill squeaked as Bjorn picked her up on his shoulders and brought her down on the bed. Immediately, Bjorn grabbed a breast with his massive hand and went down on her. His free arm hugged a leg to bring her in closer. Jill felt a strange sensation overcome her body as Bjorn’s head was stuffed between her legs, causing her to grab the northerner’s short black hair. She felt her body heat up and her grip on his hair tightened as she let out a loud moan. Shocked, she clasped her mouth. How indecent , she thought. Bjorn paid her no attention as he ate away at her. 

Despite this weird feeling, she felt good. Her hands went back to Bjorn’s head, but instead of grabbing his hair, she tried to shove him deeper between her legs. She didn’t know what kind of feeling this was, but she was starting to like it. Her breathing quickened as Bjorn picked up his pace, Jill quietly moaned, fearing that either someone outside would hear her or someone was still in the inn. Bjorn’s massive hand massaged her breast, moving it around and clasping his hand around it. Jill would let out a squeak when he pinched her nipple. It stung, but Bjorn’s tongue sent an overwhelming sensation all over her. At this point, her legs were wrapped around his head and she had both hands forcing down on his head. She moaned loudly.

“F-fuck, more please!”, her hips arched and she moaned. 

Bjorn stopped eating her out, and sat up. Her legs slid off his shoulders and landed on his powerful thighs. He wiped his mouth clean of her juices, and undid his pants. He pulled his out hard, quivering cock. Jill’s eyes widened with shock and fear, she had never seen one before. And it’s not like he was small either, his damn cock was touching her belly. Bjorn pulled her legs bringing her in, and began rubbing the head on the lips of her cunt. Electricity jolted throughout her body, Jill sprang up and Bjorn with one hand on her breast forced her down. 

Jill was nervous, there was no way that “thing” was gonna fit in her. “Y-y-you’re actually going to are y-”

Bjorn forced himself into her. Jill let out loud moan as she felt like she was being torn apart. Slowly, he began to thrust his hips into her. Blood poured down his cock as he thrusted in and out. Jill’s hands clawed and scratched away at the mattress, it hurt. She moaned in a mix of pain and pleasure, tears streamed down her face as the massive northerner picked up his pace. 

“P-please, it hurts.”, she whimpered. 

Bjorn slowed down to a halt. He brought her up by her shoulders until they were face to face. With his massive thumb, he wiped away at her tears. She looked distraught, her first time was with a total stranger that she prostituted herself to. 

“I never got your name, little mouse.” Bjorn asked. 

Jill sniffled and coughed away from his face, “My name is Jill. It’s a little too late for introductions don’t you think?” She attempted to smile, she was still in a little pain.

Bjorn patted her on the head, and brought himself in to kiss her. Jill felt his tongue overpower hers, her eyes rolled back. She wrapped her arms around his neck. Slowly, Bjorn began to move his hips. Jill felt the northerner’s cock slide in and out of her, stretching the walls inside her. She was starting to feel good, Jill then did her best to overpower Bjorn’s tongue and she began to move her hips on her own. She stopped kissing him and released a gasp of breath, she started moaning loudly as her hips pounded on his cock. Bjorn laid down on his back and Jill sat on him, her hips only moved faster. Their hips slammed against one another as they continued fucking. Jill’s eyes rolled back and her tongue drooped out of her drooling mouth. She couldn’t stop moaning, she was a slave to her own desires. And she desired the Norseman’s cock. Bjorn slammed his hips harder, his cock kissing her womb. Jill yelped and squeaked as Bjorn continued thrusting hard. She felt heat and shock expand throughout her entire body, as she spasmed from her climax. She slouched back on the bed, sliding off Bjorn’s erect cock and her juices flowing out of her pussy. She had her forearm covering her eyes as she panted, she felt exhilarated. Bjorn got up, his cock still fully erect and pointing in Jill’s direction. 

He put his hands on her hips and turned her over, she got up on all fours. Bjorn put one massive hand on her firm ass and began prodding her pussy with his cock. Jill inhaled and exhaled.

“B-but, I’m tired. Bjorn give me a moment. Just a min-”, she moaned as Bjorn entered her again. Only this time, with both hands on her hips, he fucked her faster and harder. It was a fast, violent rhythm, and Jill complimented it with moans of pleasure and shaking her hips back and forth on his cock. She begged Bjorn to fuck her faster, she wanted him to fuck her harder. Her juices poured down Bjorn’s cock as it made lewd, schlicking noises when the Norseman thrusted into her. He began to breathe heavily and let out a quiet moan, Bjorn grabbed her breasts lifting her off her arms. She grabbed the headboard of the bed as he fucked her faster, she was going to cum again. 

She let out a cry as she spasmed and came on Bjorn’s cock again, she felt his cock quiver inside her and his hips shake as he shot into her. Bjorn slid his still erect cock out of her, cum drooped out from the lips of her pussy. She breathed heavily and then she looked over at him, he was doused in sweat. But, his breathing was controlled, and his cock was still very erect. Normally, she would want to stop. But, she was not herself. She wanted more of Bjorn’s cock. She wanted more of him inside of her. She laid on her back and spread her legs, she played with her cunt allowing more of his seed to flow out of her. 

“B-Bjorn. I need you. More.” She whimpered.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A few hours later, the two of them sat together in a bathtub. Jill sat on Bjorn’s lap as she washed herself down. The northerner sat relaxed with his arms hanging off the tub. She would occasionally turn around and clean him, scrubbing his hair and washing his chest. Jill was still disappointed in herself. She became the very thing her family hated. Despite having enough money to go back home and pay off her debts, her family would still hate her. She didn’t want to go home. She laid her head on Bjorn’s chest, she closed her eyes and quietly cried. Bjorn cocked his head and sat up. 

“Chin up, little mouse. This world isn’t an easy place to live in.”, Bjorn put a thumb under Jill’s chin lifting her head up.
Jill looked at him in the eyes, “I don’t have a home anymore. I don’t have anyone I can rely on.”

Bjorn sat back, “You can always tag along with me. My job is dangerous, but it pays well.” 

“Adventuring?”

Bjorn nodded in acknowledgement. Jill leaned forward and hugged him, she didn’t have much of life anyway. 

“You’re still letting me keep the three-hundred gold, right?”, Jill asked with concern. 

Bjorn let out a laugh, “Yes, little mouse. You earned it.” And he hugged her back.