Prologue  

>Running late as usual for work happens almost every time you stay up to play vidya with your friends online with that new hit MMO Yuxa intelligence frontier fortress also known as Y.I.F.F by the community, the game was made by anthro people in a Turkish country  
>when you're not playing Y.I.F.F you are mostly studying on hot topics from the community college you go to, since a private college like ones near you didn’t accept you but did accept your sister. 
>Or you are mostly browsing forums online like 4chan or reddit, mostly 4chan threads. 
>the building that is currently housing you is a shitty dorm that has co-ed rooms meaning men and women could be in living in the same room together. The building has two parts to it, one side of the dorms is human and the other side of the dorms are anthro. Many of the anthro hate humans due to this segregation that's been going on for a while but you have seen a story on the news about something happening at a hospital where an anthro almost tried to commit suicide because of something that happened with a human, but it was in the south where more people are against human anthro relationships. The dorm itself is a 5-story building with the main floor being the desk area, only way to get to there is by either the stairs or elevator. 
>While getting ready for the day you look at the clock with a slice of leftover pizza in your mouth, it being the only thing that you could have eaten without cooking anything. 
>The clock read 7:02. 
>You had to be at work by 7:30 and it took you a good 25 minutes to get to work on foot. 
>Shit, you were late, no time for a shower. You had to get dressed and then head straight out if you want to make it on time. 
>As soon you were done getting dressed you rushed out the door, quickly fumbling with the keyring while trying to look for your dorm room key. It took a good minute looking for the key even though you only have 5 keys on the ring, half of them don't you didn't know what they were used for. Your roommate gave you the ring because he doesn’t trust himself with it, since he was either drunk or high off his rocks. 
>You finally get the right key into the hole and lock the door you sprint for the elevator that was at the end of the hall, as if you were a 600LB feral bear on 2LB worth of crack that was found in the forest. 
>You look up to the see the elevator already on the fourth floor and heading downwards towards your floor. Perfect. 
>You press the button, making sure the light is lit,  most of the time this elevator barely works, so you need to press the button hard to get it to register that someone is there. This hunk of junk is as old as you. 
>You step inside of the elevator to see another person already in the elevator, an anthro rabbit. Weird, most of the time anthro people don't take this elevator. the anthro people have their own elevator on their side of the building, maybe she had a sleepover with a friend. 
>The rabbit you see is in business attire with a VAPORWAVE pill pin on the collar of the white shirt. The rabbit looks surprised to see you enter the elevator with her. 
>You greet the rabbit with a good morning.
>The elevator doors close after a few seconds after you enter into it And descends slowly to the main floor. 
>All of a sudden you hear a snap and a loud crack, the elevator jerks hard and you and the rabbit crash to the floor. You can hear the grinding of metal all around you, then it stops. 
>You get off of the floor and try standing up trying to figure out what happened, you look around to see the emergency light is on just above the panel. That can't be good.

(chapter 1) 

>Well you are stuck in an elevator with a rabbit. Perfect. 
>The room is dark but has enough light to see the rabbit, the emergency lights kicked on but they are not too bright to light up the whole room. The red hue of the emergency lights illuminates the room, barely making the rabbit visible. 
>The rabbit girl seems to be okay but you haven't talked to her yet so you don't really know if she is or not. 
>The phone you have is cracked from the fall and due to the location of the building you have no reception, you also forgot to charge your phone last night as well. 
>You try to strike up a conversation with the rabbit girl to keep the situation at bay for now and to not cause havoc for the poor girl. 
>"So... what is your name?" you say slouching down to the floor with a huff. 
>The rabbit just stared at you from across the room, not moving. 
>"Hey you okay there?" Getting up you walk towards the rabbit; the rabbit instead just tells you to stay away from her and not to come near her. 
>You were perplexed, was she one of those anthro that hate humans? Even then, with this situation, that couldn’t be helped. Segregation isn't going to make it better. 
>You try again to talk to the rabbit, "What is your name?" Trying to sound as friendly as possible as to not seem threatening to the rabbit. 
>The rabbit spoke up, "My name is Annabelle..." The quiet rabbit replied hesitantly. 
>"Well Annabelle my name is Anon, nice to meet you even though we had to meet in a stuck elevator." You said huffing at the current situation. 
>The rabbit just shuffles her feet at the statement. 
>Remembering what you saw earlier you try to strike up a conversation to her interests. 
>"I see you have a vaporwave pin on your collar. It looks very nice. Who do you like and what genre to you like?" Trying to perk her up in this dreary mood, she starts to speak up. 
>"Oh... I like Saint Pepsi and Future Girlfriend 音楽 they are really nice artists. The sub-genre I love is  simpsonwave on YouTube. Vaporwave is nice to listen to when you are stressed or just studying for a test. It goes well with eating dinner and to listen to while playing games." The rabbit said as if her mouth was on fire with how much she knew about the genre. It amazed you how much she knew. 
>The rabbit girl, finally coming down from the talkive state, asks you the same question. 
>"Well I like the artist Atlas, my favorite song by him is "such nice sounds". My other favorite artist is The Deli. The type of genre is depressive sounding electronic realism of the vaporwave genre, mostly the creators that do that is elijah who and kudasai. 
>This is going to be fun.

(chapter 2) 

>It has been 15 minutes or so, since you last spoke to the small rabbit. The girl seems to not be in the talkive mood like she was 5 minutes ago. She kept telling you about vaporwave and what other sub-genres there are. 
>You can start to smell something, something musky and sweaty. 
>You look over towards the rabbit who seems to be fidgeting where she sat across from you. 
>The stench just keeps getting stronger from within the room. 
>"Hey...do you smell anything funny in here? I ask because it could be a gas leak coming from the shaft outside." you ask towards the rabbit who is fidgeting in the spot more than before. 
>The rabbit snaps out of her daze. "Uh no I don’t smell anything it must be you then..." The rabbit says standing up legs shaking. "Just s-stay over there and don't come near me okay?" The rabbit girl looking over to you. 
>you could swear her eyes are looking at you elsewhere but you couldn’t tell with the red lighting in the elevator. 
>"Okay I just want to make sure because if there is a gas leak we could be in trouble." you stand up from the place you sat and started walking towards the elevator doors and sniffing through the crack in the doorway. 
>the rabbit moves away from you as far as possible as you move towards the door. 
>"Hey are you okay? You don’t seem to be feeling well. You cold or something?" you ask concerned about her. 
>You move towards the rabbit again before you could say anything you sat right down next to her. 
>"Please don’t come any closer..." The rabbit girl once again using her soft gentle voice as her voice were to not stir a mouse away from sleep from how quiet she was talking. 
>You take off your work jacket and place it over the rabbit, looking confused she takes the jacket and covers herself with it. "Thank you?" Was all she could muster up to say. 
>You walk away from the rabbit and sit across from her. "your welcome...you looked cold and that business attire doesn’t look very warm. So, I thought I would be nice and give you my work jacket...seeing I probably won't be wearing it anymore as of today. My boss must think I skipped work today..." You sigh as you come to realization of a high chance of you getting fired after today. 
>The rabbit speaks up. "H-Hey don’t say that, I'm sure your boss would understand after what happened today here. If you would like I could come down with you to explain better..." The rabbit saying comforting words through your jacket that is way too big for her to wear. 
>"Thank you Annabelle I needed that, it has just been a rough week for me." Saying that you get up from the room and walk towards the rabbit sitting next to her. 
>Surprising her by your reaction she squeaks. And shimmies away from you a short distance. 
>It seems she doesn’t like humans being near her. 
>It hit like a tidal wave against a rocky shore, the thing that always catching up to you whenever it can and wherever it can. 
>Always staying up till dawn, then sleeping for 2 hours. Sleepiness always hits you hard, whenever it can it will strike at any moment it can, even if you are working it will hit you at break time. 
>You think to yourself, "Since I'm in this situation, I might as well take advantage of it and sleep." 
>"Hey." You call out to the rabbit sitting at the opposite side of you from the small space. The rabbit just look up at you with your jacket still covering her small body. "look I'm a little tired so I'm gonna take a short break. I'll catch ya when I wake up okay?" You saying that while lying your head on your arms and laying to the side. 
>The rabbit just nods. 
>Within minutes you fall into a light slumber.

(Chapter 3) 

 >You are at a ocean, the waves crashing down onwards the beach, the sweet salty smell of the ocean, the brisk cool air breezing by as your feet sank into the warm happy sand. It felt amazing, you haven’t been to the beach since you were a little kid. 
>It felt great, it felt real, a warm feeling of happiness spread throughout your body as you look around you seeing the vast amount of ocean. 
>You walked towards the salty water, you bend down and felt the cool water engulf your hand, the water was cold at first but it quickly warmed up. The water felt alive as if it were a living, the water slowly caressing your hand all the while you moving your hand in the water. 
>It was pure bliss, the feeling of the warm sun on you, the cool summer breeze, blue ocean water with salt in the air to tag along, it felt like you were in heaven. 
>You sway your hand in the cool ocean water once more feeling the cool water between your hand. 
>You let go of your hand just allowing the water to move your hand with the currents. 
>You stand up straight, you look outward to the sea, hearing the crashing of the waves touch the sand beneath you, all you see is an island out in the distance, the small island has a single palm tree on it. 
>You can hear seagulls off in the distance as they caw at something, maybe calling for a mate. 
>You enter the water slowly, the warm water slowly engulfing your body as you swim your way to the small island. The distance did not look far from shore but man is it a long swim. 
>You arrive at the small island with the lone single palm tree. 
>Not much is here other than the palm tree sitting in the middle. You sit at the base of the palm tree and look upwards to the leaves, you see a single coconut hanging from the tree. As you sit under the tree you spot a lone ghost crab scuttle by you digging in the sand looking for something. 
>This seemed like true peace. 
>Your eyes started to get heavy as if they had a 1-ton weight on them, you carelessly yawn, stretching your arms out like you were just getting out of bed.  as you were about the fall asleep a breeze whirled the air around you causing the coconut to come loose and fall straight on top of your head. 

(Chapter 4) 

 
>You awake to find your hand to be gripped by something, something wet, strong, and warm. 
>You pull your hand away from the source slightly confused from it. 
>You look at your hand the best you can with the lighting here, your hand was covered in a slimy goo that smelled like the ocean. You look towards where the source of the slime came from, to your surprise the bunny was right next to you her face mixed with many emotions, you look downwards from the bunny to see that she is bottomless, her dress shirt unbuttoned half way, her panties off to the side next to her. 
>It didn't quite connect with you still being tired from the nap you just took, but it soon found its way into your thick head. 
>She was the first to freak out, she started to apologize profusely with her quiet tone of voice, her face red as salmon, she scrambling around to collect her clothes. 
>All you could think about is why she was doing such a thing to your hand, anthro and humans hate each other, many anthro people hate humans, humans seen dating an anthro would get beat to shit or worse killed, and same goes for anthro, humans were known to keep anthro people as slaves, kidnapped and sold to other countries, taken land from them. Humans and anthro people never gotten along with each other. 
>But she was ignoring that, all the prejudice, all the hate. 
>The first thing to come out of your mouth after five minutes. 
>"Are you alright Annabelle?" You say in a soft whisper. 
>All she did was back up into a corner with your jacket still in her hand. You move closer to the rabbit, her ears twitching rapidly. 
>You go over to her into the corner putting your arms between the rabbit making sure she doesn’t escape. 
>You ask again "are you alright Annabelle?". 
>The rabbit just pulled your jacket over her head and cried, she bawled like a baby would. 
>All you did was hugged her into a tight brace, consoling her, rocking back and forth with her, all she did was cry into you under the jacket. 
>You both sat there, in the corner of the broken elevator, cuddled together for five minutes. 
>You lift the jacket up from her face to see a face stained with a path of tears on her cheeks, you brush away the remaining tears from her cheek. 
>She sniffled as you brushed the tears away, eyes fixated on your face looking deeply into you. 
>"Why are you doing this...I was using you, I was raping you...why are you being so nice to me..." The small rabbit talking to you with tears forming in the corners of her eyes again. 
>"look... my life has been shit recently, I might be fired today at work, all I do when I get home from work is either study or play on my computer, you were the first person in a long while who has shown affection towards me, I am mad about you using me when I was asleep, but right now it looks like you are the one who is the one troubled, maybe more than me. So, let's start from the beginning and let you explain why you did it." You told the trouble bunny who was looking into your eyes. 
>The bunny explained everything that has been troubling her recently, she was just dumped by her boyfriend a week ago, she was getting stressful about a job interview for a huge company for her dream job, she recently went into heat and was using pills to try to control her heat. 
>All you did was listen to her talk, you never spoke a word unless she asked, you both sat in the corner of the elevator cuddling together. 
>When she was done talking you look into the small bunny eyes, the eyes were filled with what seemed like an endless star system, you lifted her chin, and kissed her. 
>The kiss wasn’t a sexual filled one or a quick kiss, it was passionate kiss. 
>she was the first one to break away from the kiss. she said "listen Anon, I don’t know if I can hold it much longer." She then removed your jacket around her and slowly opened her legs. "please Anon... I need it." 

 

(Chapter 5) things get lewd here. 


 >The rabbit shyly looked away from you while opening her legs further, she was only wearing her panties, it seemed she didn’t put on her pants when you caught her before. 
>Her panties were soaked with mixed of sweat and her own juices, they were completely soaked all the way through. 
>You push aside the fabric revealing her cunny, her face looking away from you, face red as tomato soup. 
>You lean into her cunny slowly and lightly caress her insides with your tongue, while paying attention to her small button sized clit. 
>You rub her thighs slowly and rhythm like with you delving the insides of her cunny. 
>She moans softly, grabbing your hair and pushing your head deeper into her. You do this for about two minutes then you take a different approach. 
>You rub her thighs like before but you softly squeeze randomly at times she lets out a soft moan. 
>"Please anon I can’t take it anymore I want you now...please I NEED you right now. I want you to breed me. Make me yours." Annabelle moans into your ear.' 
>That’s all you needed to hear. 
>You grab the bunny from her corner and lay her down on the ground, you unbutton the rest of her shirt, you help take the panties off from her, throwing them aside somewhere that you didn’t care, all you cared for was her and only her. 
>You take slowly take off your pants, tossing them to the side like a washed-up newspaper. 
>You are now just in your boxers with a full-on tent in them, Annabelle gets off of the ground and comes over to your boxers, she slowly removes your boxers inch by inch. She was a little surprised when your dick sprang out from the boxers.  
>Now she is staring at your manhood, eyes transfixed on it. 
>She carefully lays back down, arms stretch outwards calling for you to come to her. 
>"Come anon. Please come and breed me! I need you more than ever!" Annabelle said with a lust filled voice. 
>That was all you needed. 
>You go down to her level and place your cock at the entrance of her cunny, you playfully prod her entrance way. She moans from the teasing. 
>"Please anon, I need your cock now." Annabelle whimpers. 
>You enter the rabbit slowly, making slight adjustments for her small body to take in. She moans loudly as you enter her, she starts to do little thrusts to you trying to get in as much into her as possible. 
>"I'm going to start thrusting now." You say to the rabbit on the floor squirming around. 
>Without her saying anything you start to thrust, you first start thrusting slow and steady into her. She just lays there with her arms around you bucking her hips with yours. 
>You soon pick up the pace and so did her moans. she was moaning louder and louder with each thrust. 
>"Human cock is so much better!" Annabelle said, her eyes in the back of her head, her tongue off to the side of her mouth. 
>Soon the buildup was catching up, you could feel it. 
>"Annabelle I'm about to cum!" You managed to say to the rabbit. 
>"Go ahead and cum inside, please cum inside and make me into a mother!" She said into your ear gripping your back tightly making small scratch marks into your back. 
>With one final thrust you cum deep inside of her, Annabelle basically screams from the orgasm, gripping your back with such a force that her fingers are digging deep into your back that you swear could leave a scare, but you didn’t care. 
>Her trembling body from her orgasm was too much for her and she soon passed out. 
>You look at Annabelle, she looked so peaceful. You decided to lay next to her spooning her with your arms around her waist, you grab your jacket and cover both you and her. 
>You hear a ding noise come from one of the sides of the elevator. The elevator doors open, outside waiting there is a group of people, the repair man, and the person in charge of this place 
>The faces from them were of pure disgust. you soon passed out from fear and from dehydration. 

 

(Epilogue) 

 >After that whole thing with the elevator incident, you were kicked out of your room, you found a place that was cheaper and closer to where you needed to be.  
>Annabelle thankfully wasn’t punished for what happened, the person in charge was easier on her than with you, I guess he had issues with humans more than his own kind. 
>Annabelle was able to reschedule and explain to the people at her dream job of what happened and was kind enough to vouch for you at your crummy job and thankfully he understood. 
>You and Annabelle soon started dating after that, she would come by your place often to hang out with you. you slowly stopped playing on your computer more and more since Annabelle came by so often.
>3 years have passed since then and you sold your computer and all the items that were on Y.I.F.F. 
>you saved enough money from then on to purchased something for your little special bunny. 
>You popped the question at a social event with her parents around, she was overjoyed with it, she immediately said yes. 
>That’s when she told you the news, she was pregnant with twins. 
>you both soon moved north, you and her bought a log cabin in the Adirondacks mountains in New York.
>there was even a lake nearby your cabin. 
>most days you and Annabelle will handhold by the lake shore or casually walk hand in hand through town, even if it embarrasses her.

 

>The End.