(As a disclaimer, this is meant as a sort of continuation of the first paste, and benefits heavily from reading it as to understand the context better, so it’s advised you go do so. If you don’t want to, nothing is stopping you but your enjoyment will likely be lower. Link here: https://pastebin.com/2sRcUs5u)
 
>Dreams were always such lovely things, weren’t they?
>There you were, amidst the fields of green and the winds of spring, sat below an old trees shade, filled with peace and bliss, the soft scent of strawberries in the air, the warmth of summer all around.
>Besides you, a lynx, her silvery coat meshing with the pure white summer dress, small spots of black on her cheeks, face half buried in your neck, purring softly as she nuzzled closer and closer to you.
>Your hands locked with hers, a simple, pure embrace, timeless, priceless, as you gazed into the horizon, the endless expanse of the grassy hills softly moving with the brisk breeze.
>The feeling of her fur upon your skin, her warmth, the utter peace of the moment, serene, as you felt her purring resonate within your chest…
>Paradise.
>And you knew it wouldn’t last.
>As you sat there, staring outwards, you could feel your eyelids getting heavier, the skies turning grey, her grip becoming tighter and tighter still.
>You tried to fight it, what little you could, but there is only so much one can do amongst a dream.
>Soon enough, a small droplet of water hit your face, the clouds above releasing their gifts, and as your eyes finally closed, unable to struggle anymore, a familiar flash of light was felt in the distance.
>By instinct, you began to count, your grip in the dream fading away as a smile forms in your lips, holding her closer to you.
>”One, two, three, fou-“
 
>The strike of thunder would have woken you up, had the familiar pain of claws digging into your back not beaten it to the punch.
>Groggy and sleepy, yet oddly warm, you could hear the sound of plinking rain hitting the windows, the lack of light clear in the living room.
>Laying above you was a familiar vista, the same lynx as the dream, the one you knew as Anna, still sporting her grey hoodie and black track pants, shivering and pushing herself towards you, her pawed hands kneading into your bare back, slinked underneath your shirt.
>Terrified, afraid, trying her best to get away from her fears, to seek some sort of solace, some kind of safe haven.
>And it was in you she found it.
>Amongst all the places in her home she could have hidden, all the nooks she could have cowered and waited the thunder out, she chose to lunge at you, holding you close and closer still, as if you were her lifeline, as if you could make her fears go away.
>You couldn’t, but the least you could do was to make her relax, holding her close and whispering sweet nothings into her ear, hoping your best it would work.
>”Shhh, it’s okay Anna. It’ll all be alright, just close your eyes and focus on me… Just breathe deep and relax…”
>It was… humbling, to say the least.
>The amount of trust she had in you, the way she seemed to mellow so much, her face buried in your neck, hearing your heart.
>You could feel her own, beating madly, frantic with fear, her small chest pressed up against yours, separated only by your thin shirt and her loose grey hoodie.
>The stabbing claws in your back were still not something you were fully used to, but like hell you were going to complain when your childhood friend was sitting there, terrified and shaking like a leaf.
>She was strong enough to beat you nine yards from Sunday, won tournaments on the weekly and was so upbeat you swore she wasn’t real, but there she was, crying on your shirt and neck, sobbing, damn near wailing as the thunder boomed.
>You were all she had.
>Your hands reached for her nape and back, slowly rubbing at her fur, a small smile as you pushed her head closer to your own, nuzzling into her, soft little nothings whispered into her ear.
>”Easy Anna, easy. I’m here, it’ll all be okay… it’ll all be okay.”
>You would be lying if you said you didn’t enjoy this a little too much.
>Feeling her heart slow down as you pulled her closer, her sobs and crying started to wash away, the familiar sound of purring filling the air as she finally relaxed, claws digging themselves out of your back.
>It was meant to be your week as the guy who needed to be cheered up, but fate had a funny way of doing things.
>As you closed your eyes again, leaning back into the couch, the soft sound of rain plinking away at the windows filled the room once more, the comfort overwhelming you.
>Breathing itself felt calming, the warmth, simply wonderful and her fur?
>Divine.
>Silken, spotless, as your fingers traveled across her nape, slowly and gently, as if to enjoy every single moment as they glided across the warm silver.
>Her scent, that sweet fruity musk, a fragrance to lose yourself in for hours.
>The smile on your face was something you couldn’t try to hide, nor that you wanted to, pulling her closer towards you.
>You could be with her in this room forever, feeling her heartbeat, that constant thumping rhythm, lost in that soft embrace and sweet aroma…
 
>And for a while, you did just that.
>Slinking into that strange middle ground between dream and reality, you simply laid there, content, the sounds of rain and purring as your backdrop as time went on.
>Anna was already fast asleep by now, mumbling at times, but much more relaxed than before, something your back really learned to appreciate.
>You were probably going to need to go to a doctor to get those claw wounds looked at but at the same time?
>The mental image of explaining them to a smirking, judging doctor wasn’t the most appealing of time wasters.
>As you weigh the benefits of lacking infected wounds and the hefty cost of social humiliation by cat scratches, your body finally put you out of your bliss and dropped a reality bomb on you, your stomach roaring like it hadn’t eaten anything decent for hours.
>Well, it hadn’t.
>Not unless beer and pepperoni pizza were suddenly considered a healthy dinner.
>Trying your best to not disturb the snoozing lynx above you, you reach for your pocket and fish out your phone for the time, half blinded by its brightness.
>Nine of the morning.
>An hour late to work, but like hell you were going there.
>With this rain, this chance of thunder and this cold?
>The office could probably hold itself fine without you.
>Anna likely couldn’t.
>Still, your stomach was a whining little baby, and you figured she wouldn’t be too far off from getting hungry herself.
>Your best efforts to shift her to your side just got you a long, sleepy whine, a frowning face and her arms wrapping themselves around you tighter.
>You had to admit, it was cute to see her hug you like a living body pillow, but you couldn’t just lay on in a sofa cuddling forever.
>You, by all means, wanted to.
>But something told you that ignoring your body would make that a bit difficult.
>Going against your entire moral creed, you try and nudge her away, ending in nothing but grumbling protests and sleepy babblings, her arms tightening around you like a vice.
>Already reluctant to leave, you grab a nearby pillow and set it between the two of you, slinking away with some effort, only to see her death grip the ball of fluffy cotton.
>For just a second or two, you watch her grab it like it was the most precious thing in the world, tempted to go back into the arms of that sporty, mumbling lynx.
>Her sleepy smile as she held on to it, rubbing it by her face, calming her down as she slowly nodded back again into a peaceful slumber.
>You hesitate more than you’d ever like to admit, seriously considering just joining her again and pushing her closer towards you, feeling her warmth…
>The second mighty growl of your gut snapped you out of your lovely imagination, forcing you to slowly rise from the comfort of the couch and into the unlit dark of the apartment.
 
>After some sleepy stumbling, you make your way past the hall and finally flip the light switch on her kitchen, the final frontier of Anna’s domain.
>Dramatic? Sure, but this really was one of the few places you never got to see or go into, much to the blame of nostalgic pizza binging and fighting game competitions being the norm while you were around.
>As your poor eyes sizzled in the bright halogen light, you get your first good look at the place.
>Small, as expected, but a few things start popping out as you try to find something to cook.
>Tons of small, yellow post-it’s on the fridge doors, a shocking amount of whey supplements spread across the marble counter, a blender that looked as if it had seen ‘nam and went back for seconds…
>Some kind of dieting plan calendar on the wall, several words like GOMAD or FAST sliced in two with a red marker, every other week having its Monday scratched off.
>Giving in to your curiosity and reading the post-its, you finally realized why that was.
>”Anon tomorrow, cheat day, double workout Thursday”
>Stopping her strict diets just to cheer you up when you were feeling down, huh?
>The smile in your goofy face was hard to hide as you searched the fridge for some food, eyes and hands scouring every drawer of the cold box.
> Meat, more meat, slightly nibbled meat, broccoli, lettuce that was about to go bad, an empty jug of milk, even more meat?
>An interesting diet, but you guess that anthros got a sweet tooth for their food type.
>Or a savory one, in this case.
>Finally locating something more fryable, you take out a carton of eggs and some bacon, searching around the cabinet for some pepper and cooking oil.
>Eggs had protein, right? Bacon too. Did it still count as a cheat meal if it was breakfast?
 
>As you slide the eggs into the plates, keeping a watchful eye on the crispy pig fat, you hear something down the halls.
>Not a yawn, nor the usual noise of shuffling clothes and raggedy waking, no.
>More so a solid thud, followed by a delayed, yet surprisingly vocal “Goddammit!”
>Struggling to keep yourself from laughing, you keep an eye on the bacon and eggs, hoping to surprise her when she came around, keeping an ear out for the sound of steps down the hall.
>Only, you don’t hear anything of the kind.
>Instead, as the bacon finished sizzling, the faint sound of someone falling onto the couch was heard, and a whole lot of silence.
>Usually, you’d have checked up on her by now but you figured she was just tired and went back to sleep, being wary of waking her up.
>Yet, something didn’t feel right.
>With Anna, things were rarely quiet.
>Movie nights, video games, banter, bad jokes, even in old sleepovers neither of you ever got silent when you were together, much to the annoyance of both of your parents.
>And now, no rustling of pillows, no groggy morning switching and turning, not even the sounds of a tv, just… silence.
>Sliding the bacon as quietly as possible and turning off the heat, your curiosity forces you to tiptoe to the edge of the living room door, peeking from the corner.
>If you were wrong, you’d just see her snoozing off and could wake her up, treat her up to some nice breakfast.
>If you were right and something happened, at least you could try and fix it, cheer her up a little.
>Goodness knows you were getting good at it.
 
>Holding your breath and trying your best to be silent, you peer into the living room by the very corner of the door, your view reduced to just a sliver of the frame.
>Adjusting to the dark of the unlit hall took a while, only a bit of halogen light behind you, a dark and gloomy room ahead.
>Yet there she was anyway, blending in with the shade, sat on the couch as the dark skies and rain tried to get in.
>Her face filled with a deep melancholy, the amber pools of her eyes half-lidded, staring at the ground, ears flattened against her head.
>While she seemed frozen in that sad gaze, her arms weren’t, still squeezing and kneading that pillow with an almost hypnotic rhythm, her claws unsheathed, seemingly more for grip than to tear it apart.
>Holding it close.
>Not wanting to let go.
>As the seconds go by, your stomach sinking, you motion to open the door, only to stop dead in your tracks, hearing her shuffle forwards.
>As she closed her eyes and laid her head above the cloth, you could hear her muttering to herself, a tone of sadness and regret.
>A voice of loneliness.
>”You just had to drive him away, huh? Just had to make him uncomfortable and leave over fearing some thunder, you scaredy cat.”
>”Didn’t even stay for breakfast… Spent all night calming you down, hugged you and you put his back looking like a scratching pole… let’s hope he doesn’t do too well at work or a pat in a back is gonna hurt.”
>For a few seconds, the short chuckles almost got you relieved, before the sad smile on her face vanished, giving away to another grimace.
>Hugging that poor pillow even tighter, all you could hear was a sigh and a small whisper.
>”Too good for you…”
>As your heart sank, your brain struggled to process what just happened.
>You never knew Anna like this, always cheery, upbeat, a bit serious when it came to competitions, sure, but never…this.
>Trying to swallow the lump in your throat, you close your eyes and breathe deep.
>Confronting her would do neither of you any good, and you came here to cheer her up, after all.
>Raising your hand, you knock thrice on the door, trying your best to sound cheerful, hard as it was.
>”C’mon sleepyhead, you awake? Rise and shine, breakfast is the best meal of the day, right?”
>Pushing the door open and trying your best to smile, you flip the lights switch, watching as she slowly turned her head to you.
>A look of utter confusion, mixed with mild panic as she realized what she was doing to the poor pillow, her ears propping up like a soldier facing a knife-hand.
>A few awkward seconds went by with Anna finally managing to speak, setting aside both the kneading cushion and the lump in her throat.
>”I, uh… thought you left Anon. You still around?”
>Crossing your arms, you force your smile a bit more, sounding as sarcastic as you could.
>”Yeah, you really know me as the kinda guy that goes and ditches their friends in the morning for no reason, right? C’mon now, I’m offended!”
>You could hear the relief as she exhaled, spotting a small smirk forming on her face.
>Lifting her arms in a fake surrender, her orange eyes now open and shining, you start to hear that upbeat cheer in her voice.
>”Alright, alright, I yield, I yield!”
>”Anna, If I turn around and you punch me in the back like last time, I swear to God-“
>Her smirk turned a full grin, chuckling and shaking her head, arms bouncing on the couch, eyeing you up and down.
>”So, what did the world-renowned Chef Anon make? Reheated pizza and warm beer? Burnt scrambled eggs and raw meat? Protein casserole? ”
>The laughter from you was honest, the heaviness of the room lifted with just a few jokes and that wonderful smile you always loved finally showing itself.
>”Just some eggs and bacon, figured steak was out of the question for a morning munch, especially since half of ‘em were nibbled. Wouldn’t happen to know anything about that, would you?”
>Flashing you her teeth and stretching her legs, a few audible pops later, you got exactly the answer you expected.
>”No idea.”
>This was exactly why the two of you had been friends for so long.
>So many people out there would look outside and see two people being assholes to one another, but for the both of you, this was almost like a ritual, something you bonded over.
>The fun banter, the laughs, the endless back and forth, trying to outwit each other with shitty zingers or acting all smug when caught with a hand or paw in the cookie jar.
>Just like old times.
>Raising an eyebrow, you throw a thumb to the hall, your smile now hard to contain.
>“Well, if you wanna eat frosted eggs and cold meat again, I can just throw it in the freezer and you can snack later, but I’m gonna go and grab a bite. You coming or just vegetating in the couch?”
>With a final stretch of her legs, and a few disturbingly loud cracks, she finally rises from the warm sofa, giving only a quick glance to the raining outside before settling her sight on you, hands shoved in the pocket of her hoodie.
>”After you, master chef.”
 
>Sliding down the eggs and fried fat onto your plates, both of you start digging in, a certain tension in the air starting to form.
>You were both still smiling, eating with gusto and enjoying it, despite the rain and the cold of the season, but something was still weighing down on both of you.
>Something the two of you could see in each other, hard to deny, harder even to hide.
>With the two of you much more awake and with the living room business out, the things you didn’t really want to ask started coming up in your heads.
>The burning questions of the night before.
>Did it mean anything more than it should have when you hugged her back like that?
>Did she really trust you so much when she threw herself at you?
>Why did you look at her that way, before you got up from the couch?
>Did you both cross a boundary you shouldn’t have, do something you regret?
>Could you even be friends like you were before after this?
>Was there something more than what either of you wanted to admit?
>As both of you finished your plates and headed to the living room, you could feel it in the air, that tension, thick enough to cut, almost suffocating to be in.
>Trying to distract yourselves with tv and banter just ended up with both of you awkwardly sitting on the couch, halfheartedly watching whatever was on, stealing glances at each other every once in a while, looking away whenever your eyes met.
>Why were you two acting like this?
>Why did you keep trying to sneak a peek, only to meet her eyes and be a coward?
>Why didn’t she say something, anything?
>As she twiddled her thumbs, a small pout starting to form, you finally cave in, turning to her and doing your best not to look away.
>”Hey. What’s up?”
>In turn, all you got was seeing her fold her ears, laying back on the couch, sad eyes wandering down into her paws.
>”Are we really not gonna talk about it?”
>You struggle to speak for a moment, feeling a cold shiver running down your spine, bracing for the worst.
>”If you want to, I guess I don’t mind.”
>”Well, I do alright? I don’t wanna go and have you ghost me or anything over what happened, okay?”
>”C’mon, why would I ever do that? ”
>A small pout began to form in her face, slumping forwards just a bit.
>”How about making your back into a torn scratching pole? Tackling you like an NBA quarterback? Crying like a little scaredy-cat on you and not even apologizing for it? Are you gonna say it’s all water under the bridge and it’s all good now after I did all that?”
>“I mean, yeah? Look, if I didn’t want to stay, would I go and make some food, check up on you or even stick around at all? You know me better than that Anna, what’s the problem?”
>If before that feeling was suffocating, now it was strangling, holding its tight grip on both of your throats, a burning feeling of dread rising from your stomach, bracing yourself for what was coming.
>You merely watch as she slumps backwards into the couch, staring into the ceiling, her claws digging into the cushions, speaking barely above a whisper.
>“Can I be honest with you anon?”
>Your brain is screaming.
>Begging, pleading for you to say no.
>You don’t know what, you don’t know why, you just feel like this would be the biggest mistake of your life.
>That if you were to say yes, it would bite you in the ass and leave a mark for good, a scar that would never heal.
>Yet, despite the lump in your throat, your nerves flaring like a thunderstorm and your heart beating like a drummer on a solo, all you manage to mutter was a feeble “Yeah, course.”
>The small seconds it took for her to answer felt like years, the ringing sound of blood from your ears becoming deafening as the silence overtook the room and Anna’s claws buried deep in the sofa, a deep shame in her face.
>All you heard was a soft whisper, one that made your heart skip a beat.
>“I… kinda liked it.”
 
 
>Silence.
>Utter silence, as both of you just stared at each other's eyes, the air thick with tension, confusion, fear and above all?
>Denial.
>Why did you both of you try and hide it so much?
>That trust as she threw herself at you, the soft caress you gave her as she shivered and cried, those sweet words you spoke into her ear, soothing her fears?
>That wish to cuddle together more, the regret and hesitation to leave her side, that worry as you saw her miss you, holding that pillow like it meant the world to her.
>Love.
>Both of you knew it was love.
>And slowly, as you stared into her amber pools, you began to accept it, casting aside your fear and regrets, watching her do the same, both of you inching closer and closer to one another, holding each other in a lovers embrace.
>Words only held you down, choosing instead to speak by action, pulling her towards you, feeling her push herself more and more, the tufts of her cheeks rubbing on your neck, that familiar feeling renewed, the heartache replaced by a feeling of soothing calm.
>You missed that warmth, that fur, the smell of strawberries and sweat, that musk of exertion, your fingers gliding across her velvety coat, daring to slink your hands beneath her hoodie, shamelessly exploring her toned back.
>You began to feel it, the vibrations of her purring slowly rising more and more as she rubbed herself on you, pawed hands half clawed, tracing your back, feeling the gentle, sharp caress all across your nape, a lethargic trip downwards before rising once again.
>Her small chest was pressed once more against you, her heart racing faster and faster, her breathing becoming uneven, pushing herself away from you for just a few moments, mere inches from your face.
>You look once more into Anna, the friend you had for so many years, and you feel it.
>You see her, the “freckles” in her cheeks, the tufts in her face and her half-lidded eyes, begging you, imploring you, a simple request without words.
>”Love me more.”
>And you refuse to hesitate any longer.
>Leaning forwards, you lock lips with her, warmth spreading across you both as she melted into it, her coarse tongue slowly itching its way forwards, playfully fighting with your own at a slow, steady pace.
>A moment of bliss, turned into minutes of loving care, numbed to the cold and rain of the outside world, the two of you lost exploring each others bodies, in peace and quiet.
>Your hands travel without shame or regret across her, one shifting from her back and across her navel, feeling every little bump as it rose to her breast.
>A soft, teasing squeeze earned you a gasp of surprise and a moan of approval as you gently caressed her nipple, her tongue daring further and further into your mouth with new intensity.
>Another hand dared to slink below her waist, feeling the soft fabric of her girly boxers beneath your fingers, groping a generous handful of her rear.
>You felt her shiver, barely able to hold a gasp as you become more and more aggressive in your groping, heart swelling with pride and satisfaction, kneading her ass with gusto.
>You didn’t want for this to stop, not now, not ever, this feeling of warmth, this affection, feeling her weight push you down more and more, her need to be closer, a hunger you both had, an infatuation neither of you could resist.
>Intoxicating, addictive...
>Downright hedonistic.
>You began to feel it more and more, as Anna became more and more aggressive, her half sheathed claws now laid bare, gripping at you without care or tact, the pain meshing with the pleasure as she dug her talons deep, groping your every inch with passion.
>The coarseness of her tongue becoming addictive, her soft lips pressing against yours with more and more force, more and more desperation, biting into your own from time to time, only pushing you further.
>Just how much had she bottled away?
>Just how much did she truly need this?
>Just how much…
>Your brain had become mush, the questions becoming irrelevant, losing yourself into her embrace, soft, sweet, warm…
>And yet, just as it started, it seemed to end, a soft but firm push pulling you away for a few moments, leaving only a thin trail of drool between your mouths.
>The lack of her touch was almost painful, your face morphing into one of worry, only to see it.
>That look.
>That pleading, begging look, filled with need, courage and a hint of lust.
>You knew what it means, even if she doesn’t speak a word.
>Her eyes wander from you to the door, lingering wistfully towards the hall only to return, feeling the gentle caress of her paw cupping your cheek.
>Gently squeezing it back, you nod, heart pounding like an anvil, losing yourself once again in her eyes.
>Both of you wanted it.
>Needed it.
>Two people denied love, so many cold, lonesome nights, all this wasted time where you could have found one another, and finally?
>You had a chance.
>A chance to make it right.
>To make up for it all, to hold one another, to feel time pass away, embraced into each others arms, together.
>Without saying a word, both of you rise from the couch, hands interlocked with one another, coy smiles on your faces, leaning into each other, gently drifting to the white door at the end of the hall.
>Her room.
 
>You -might- have lied when you said that the kitchen was the last barrier to Anna’s domain.
>It was a close shave but while you got a peek or two of it around the years, what was behind that white door was the real mystery you never could crack.
>Anna never let anyone inside. Ever.
>You had been one of her best friends, true till the end, but that was her last bastion, her sanctum, a place only she ever got into and nobody else was allowed.
>And now, she was leading you to it by the hand, gently squeezing it as you both came to its front, her paw grasping at the handle, twisting it without any hesitation.
>As she flicked on the light switch, you finally got to see it in all its glory.
>Or lack thereof.
>Walls plastered with posters of bands, ballads of love and metal mingling with one another, the floor littered with protein bar wrappers and weights, a dinky laptop by the corner desk, a corny mug with a lifting motto besides it.
>A couple’s bed, lonely and messy, adorned with pink, girly sheets, its edges ending in embroidered patterns, a single white pillow resting atop the crumpled mess.
>Sloppy, dirty, but charming, in its own way.
>Carefully stepping through it all, the two of you stood by the bed's edge, eyes locked with one another, smiles on both of your faces.
>You two had all the time in the world now, and nobody to bother or interrupt.
>Choosing to enjoy the moment for as long as possible, you bring your face to hers, feeling the hot breath tickle your ears as you nuzzle her, her arms locking themselves behind your lower back, pushing herself towards you.
>Feeling the small poke of her claws, you begin to kiss at her cheek, slowly trailing down to her neck, feeling the pokes turn into stabs, your own arms reaching for her waist, firmly grasping at her hips, showering her with small kisses.
>You inch your hands under her hoodie once more, feeling the contours of her fit frame, the bumps of her abs, the softness of her coat, choosing to rest at her shoulders, pushing yourself towards her lips, so soft and sweet.
>In return, Anna doubled down, giggling as she lowered her hands past the rim of your pants, her digits gliding across the fabric of your underwear, failing to hide her grin as she groped and kneaded you, her coarse tongue wrestling with your own at a leisurely pace.
>Emboldened, you begin to gently push her towards the bed, hearing the small squeak of a spring as she laid unto the sheets, amber eyes filled with thirst as you began to press yourself against her, feeling her body shiver and tense up, pinned against the mattress.
>You ease the passion for a few moments, letting your lips barely touch hers, feeling the warmth of her breath, the rhythm of her beating heart, losing yourself in that gaze, that beautiful smile, feeling her paws cupping at your cheeks, flushed a shade of bright red.
>You remember why you fell in love with her.
>Why that laugh she had always brightened your day.
>Why you yearned for that banter, for that playful teasing she did, for the time you two spent together.
>Why she teased you so much over girls, why she encouraged your wrestling, poor as it was, and why she always wanted to know about your day.
>Distracted as you were, you barely noticed as her lips mashed into yours with new vigor, your face pulled more and more into her as she dug her talons onto your cheeks, half-lidded eyes trying their best to stay open, failing and closing with no reason to open again.
>Losing yourself to the pleasure, you finally let loose, pushing yourself more and more towards her, grinding your growing bulge into her nethers, her legs parting aside, muffled moans of approval heightening your arousal.
>Your hands grew needy, desperate, groping at every inch they could, traveling up and throughout her back, brushing across her breasts as you began to feel her legs clamp down on your back, locking you in place like a vice.
>A jolt of lightning flared across your spine, her clawed paws groping and kneading at your ass, her hips buckling to your thrusts, the unmistakable sound of a mattress squeaking as you both pushed one another, over and over again.
>You needed it.
>By God, you -both- needed it.
>Moving your hands lower and lower, you slink your fingers by the edges of her track pants, stretching the waistband, only to pull them lower and lower, feeling the lock of her legs loosen from your back, her grip waning for mere moments, allowing you to pull them off without any effort.
>Gliding your hands across her thighs, you almost forgot just how athletic she was, her toned muscles tightening as you inched your fingers closer to her waist, stealing a few squeezes along the way.
>Melting under your touch, it wasn’t long before you took away her hoodie, your own shirt and pants tossed aside to a random corner of the room, both of you slinking underneath the woolen sheets, her head resting upon the soft pillow, embraced in each others arms once again.
>You felt enveloped in warmth, swimming between a sea of velvet fur and wool, her scent overpowering you, that smell of sweat, perfume, groomed fur and dirt, feeling as she held you closer and closer, claws bared and prickling at your skin, both of you grinding against one another in a frenzy of emotion and lust.
>Entranced, you barely notice as she grips at the rim of your boxers, the thumbs of her paws sliding them down, inch by inch, feeling the fabric rub against your skin as the flood of groping squeezes and the growing wetness of her mound grew, her own boxers soaked in her juices.
>Giving only a few more teasing rubs of your shaft, grinding your whole length across her lips, you yank away the last piece of clothing separating you both, her nude body squirming beneath yours, your length left resting at her bare slit, a thunderstorm in your brain, a beating drum in your heart.
>Enveloped as you were, you still felt the sweltering heat from her loins, your member resting just at the entrance, twitching in anticipation.
>This was it.
>One final look at her searing eyes told you what a thousand begging words couldn’t, as she laid her head back into the pillow, paws gripping at the sheets beside her, that cocky smirk on her lips as you rubbed your tip ever so slightly, up and down her lips.
>Now or never.
 
>Doing your best to resist the temptation of slamming her outright, you force yourself to be careful, slow, loving.
>Pushing ever so gently, you felt every inch of her insides envelop you, a nervous smile replacing her confidence and bravado, hearing only a small whimper as you went deeper.
>Feeling her heat, her tightness as you plunged further, little by little, the breath in her lungs faded as you reached halfway, feeling her clamp down on you hard, claws gripping at the sheets.
>Her breathing rapid, her eyes closed shut, body refusing to let you go further.
>Not on your watch.
>Leaning down, mind clouded in passion, you whisper sweet nothings into her ear, kissing her cheek.
>”We have all the time in the world Anna. Just relax, I'll make sure neither of us will forget this.”
>Stupid as it was, it seemed to work, her breathing slowly returning to normal, her grip on you lessening, allowing you to prod deeper and deeper, barely muffled gasps of pleasure escaping her mouth, feeling as her paws placed themselves onto your back, gliding across the skin.
>With one last push, you hilt yourself fully into her, the wooden frame squeaking, your smile widening, her walls enveloping your member, twitching as you rested inside her.
>Your heart began to beat faster, feeling a jolt of pleasure as she pressed against you, wishing you’d go deeper, your ears echoing that squeaking in your mind, focusing on it.
>Amplifying it.
>With one final kiss to her cheek, trailing your hands across the fluff of her face, you steady yourself, pulling your waist back ever so gently, only to push yourself again, the same, slow bed creak echoing across the room.
>At first, you fumbled a bit, slowing down to a comfortable rhythm, guiding yourself by her gasps, the beat of the bed squeaks, doing your best to retrain yourself, to last as long as you could.
>Brushing your fingers across her neck, ever so softly, gliding across the silken fur, stopping at her lips, unable to resist the urge to kiss her, again and again, melting onto her.
>But amidst her growing moans, her back arching as you lowered yourself, her breath turning rapid as your thrusts became longer, harder, you started to…lose yourself.
>That strength of will gave way to instinct, her paws abandoning the silken sheets and finding themselves in your back again, claws teasing your skin, sending ripples of pleasure, your body begging you to go faster, your mind racing, no longer able to think.
>Only to feel.
>You found yourself becoming more aggressive, the bed frame starting to shake back and forth as your hips smacked into her, becoming enraptured by the sound, the warmth of her breath in your ear, the way she moaned your name between thrusts, the now frantic sound of love echoing through the room, unmistakable.
>The air felt hot, drenched in musk, your own skin becoming covered in a thin layer of sweat as you pushed yourself more, more and more, feeling as her legs rested behind your back, spread out as much as she could, inviting you to plunge deeper.
>You couldn’t stop yourself from entering a trance, the feeling of your hips slapping against her own, her moaning becoming louder with every thrust, feeling as she clenched her fists, your dick feeling every inch of her tighten as you came crashing down, merciless and passionate.
>By then, any sense of restraint or shame had gone out the window, both of you too drunk on that cocktail of emotion, lust and passion, love and want, moaning and grunting as if nobody could ever listen.
>There was nobody but you and her then, lost in time, her eyes staring into your own, a desire without words, one you could hear without it being spoken.
>”Don’t let go.”
>Feeling the building pressure in your groin, you double your efforts, panting, barely able to hold yourself together as the bed rocks back and forth, the exhaustion of love looming over you, your muscles tensing and urging you to stop.
>Coming closer and closer to the end, you barely notice your hands moving of their own will, slinking into her back, feeling her velvety coat slide between your fingers are you hugged her close.
>Your lips found hers, a warm, soft kiss, both of you closing your eyes as you lowered yourself one final time.
>Bliss.
>Pain and pleasure melt into one as you feel her claws digging into your skin, every neuron of your brain sparkling like a storm, grinding your hips as you hilt yourself onto her, your dick twitching as you cum inside, one violent shudder after another.
>Both of you cling on to prolong the moment, just a little while longer, grinding against each other, gently and lovingly, while the leglock she held you in seemed to slowly lose its strength, her legs sliding down your back.
>Exhausted, you lower your head into her neck, feeling her heart beat like a drum, the furious sound of purring now revealed, previously hidden from all the frantic noises of love.
>Halfway into nodding off, you feel her paws on your scalp, pushing you gently into her chest, a dumb smile on her face and a blush strong enough to guide ships with.
>“I…always knew you liked hearing me do this Anon. Relax, this one's on me.”
>Hearing it, hell, /feeling/ her resonate so close to you, embraced between wool and velvet, resting on her chest, you barely manage to mutter a “Thank you” before you entered the lands of dreams again.
>Her only answer was to close her eyes, a smile of utter bliss on her lips and a long, content sigh.
 
 
>It took you a while to wake up, the hours seemingly flying by into the late afternoon as you nodded off, the few remaining clouds in the yellow-pink sky signaling the end of the rain.
>Still resting in her bed, you resist the urge to become a human-sized bed bug and scour out the bedroom in search of your clothes, not wanting to make a new tavern tale for whatever poor soul had to pick your naked ass up in a cab.
>Shirt over her laptop, pants by the corner, socks under the bed, underwear by the bedside lamp?
>Heh.
>Dressing yourself up, you give one last look to the messy bed before stumbling out of her room, hearing the faint hum of a microwave, the scent of reheated pizza in the air.
>Rubbing out the crust from your eyes, you walk into the kitchen, only to see the same old familiar face, sitting on the counter.
>Black track pants, grey hoodie and that shit eating smirk you never, ever got sick of.
>”Rise and shine, Mister Anon. Riiise and… Shine.”
>Unable to even hide the laughter at her shitty joke, you try your best to mumble out something coherent, halfway blinded by the light.
>“How long was I out?”
>”Eh, four hours? Something like that. Figured making some food would finally wake you up. Gotta repay the favor, after all, right?”
>Fishing your phone out of your pocket, you check the time.
>Five pm sharp.
>Jesus, that’s a hell of a power nap.
>”Heh, guess so.”
>The unmistakable *DING* of the microwave rung out, your eyes wandering to it by instinct while Anna’s just stared at you, smile unwavering.
>Looking back at her, she just slides off the counter, hugging you before you get a chance to speak.
>Feeling her tighten her grip on you, you feel that familiar rumble, a shaky, uncertain voice following it as she leaned her head into you, heart pounding once again.
>”Anon, you… know I suck at this. Are we…?”
>Even your hazy ass knew what she meant.
>Wrapping your arms around her, you nod, feeling her warmth and touch once more.
>”Yeah… Yeah, we are.”
>”And you are okay with it?”
>Smirking, you chuckle, holding her closer to you, whispering into her ear.
>”Anna, you walked me into your room, holding my hand. I think you know I’m more than okay with it, you big dork.”
>A moment of silence, and a small, proud huff were all you heard, the purring in her chest loudening as a result.
>Savouring the moment, you see her look up, those wholesome amber eyes staring straight into you, only the softest of smiles on her lips.
>Asking the question you always wanted to hear but never knew you did.
>”You wanna stay the night? We can eat some pizza and veg out in the couch, like the good old times…”
 
 
>Sprawled across the couch, you hold her close into you, the muted tv blaring a silent old movie, a flashy night light for you both.
>Your hands traveled across her belly without shame as she scooted closer to you, her eyes closed as both of you laid together, in peace and quiet.
>With no rain to distract you, no thunder to scare her or noise to be found, all both of you could hear was each others gentle breathing, the shifting of clothes, the muted purr she let out every time you held her tighter.
>After a while, her gentle snoring was all you could hear, and as you closed your eyes, enraptured by the sound, enveloped by warmth, you whisper what you wouldn’t dare to say aloud to her.
>”Love you Anna. Sweet dreams.”
>Too tired to even notice the twitch of her ears, you fall into a deep, dreamless sleep, lynx in your arms, love in your heart.
>Things might not be the best right now, but somehow, some way, you know youl make it.
>You and her.
>Together.
 
(My deepest thanks to Comfy and Sharks. I couldn't have done it without both of you, so sincerely, thank you guys. Took me a while to finally write it but I hope it was a good read to all.)