Levantine Stripeless Pocket-Tiger
You had been applying for a marriage license when you found out the truth. You hadn’t even asked her the question yet, but you just wanted to have the papers around, just in case. You needed the proper Social Security numbers, drivers licenses, and whatever else the Marriage Bureau needed when you finally came upon her birth certificate. Instead of what you expected, ‘Common Housecat’ was written in the blank reserved for species. When you confronted her, she adamantly denied that she was anything but.
“For the last time Anon, I AM NOT A HOUSECAT!”
“Then what are you?”
“I am a Levantine Stripeless Pocket-Tiger!”
“Your birth certificate says otherwise.”
Her ears went flat against her head and she started tearing up.
“Anon I-”
She pushed herself into your body and you wrapped your arms around her as she began to cry. You could barely make out what she was saying through the crying and sniffles.
“I j-just wanted you *Sniff* to love me and I thought *Sniffle* being a b-boring old housecat would- *Cough* And then you wouldn’t- *Sniffle* And then you- *Cough Cough* And then you wouldn’t love me-e-e-e-e-e…”
She let out that melancholy wail that only children and hysterical women could pull off. Cradled in your arms, she buried her face into the nape of your neck and begged for forgiveness.
“Shhhh, shhhh, its alright. I forgive you.” You said. It didn’t matter if she was just a normal housecat or the most exotic ocelot on Earth. She was the one you loved. You set her down on the bed and got down on one knee, taking her hand in yours.
“I don’t care what species of cat you are, I love you. You’re the most wonderful person I have ever known, and I can’t live another moment without you by my side. I need to know the answer. Will you marry me?”
She stopped sniffling and stood on shaky knees before collapsing into your arms and tearing up once more. A whispered ‘Yes’ was her only answer as she gripped you in a hug, almost as if she would never let go.
The End
