Friendly Neighborhood Human

Chapter 1: Friends

	You've been switched around last minute for your your second semester classes. Your mother wanted you to stay in an all human part of the school, but they didn't have any seats available for the classes you needed. You had to go to 3 classes in the anthro part of school. You get lost in thought and bump into a lion.
“Watch where you're going ape!” He yells.
You hold your books up to your chest in defense, hoping he doesn't attack you. He just keeps going, not even paying attention to you. When you make it to history, you get inside and just stand in the doorway for a moment. There were so many different species in the room it made your head spin. There were rhinos, lions, cats, dogs, wolves, pigs, sheep, and more. You look around for a seat that isn't taken and find it, walking over to it.
When you take your seat, a cheetah girl sits off to your right and a monkey sits to your left. The class starts and you begin the day.

3 weeks later

	That cheetah girl and you are in every single anthro class together, not to mention you sit next to each other in every one of them. You're sitting in history and they're talking about the revolutionary war when the cheetah taps your shoulder.
“Hey, uh, can I borrow a pencil? I lost mine.” She whispers.
You smile and give her a pencil.
“Thanks.” She whispers.
You continue listening for the next 15 minutes before being given an assignment. The cheetah girl taps your shoulder again.
“Uh, do you have any notes? I kind of got lost.” She whispers to you.
You nod, handing her your notes.
“Thanks.” She tells you.
“No talking in the back.” The teacher tells you.
“Sorry, sir.” You tell him.

	You finish class and grab your books, walking out of the classroom. The cheetah follows you and walks by you.
“Thanks for the notes and the pencil. I probably would've been screwed without them.” She tells you.
“It's no big deal.” You tell her. “My name's John, what's yours?”
“Heather.” She tells you. “Here's your notes back.”
She hands you your page of notes and you give it back.
“It's fine, I remember most of the stuff I'm taught anyways.” You say with a smile.
“That's pretty cool. Wish I could retain stuff like that.” She says.
You hear the 2 minute bell and walk into the classroom with Heather.

3 days later

	You're about to walk out into the parking lot when heather runs out in front of you.
“Uh, hey John, I'm really behind on my history, can you, um, help me study?” She asks.
You smile and nod. She squeaks in excitement, tapping her feet on the ground excitedly.
“Thank you!” She yells.
You rub behind your neck and smile.
“No problem.” You tell her.
You walk with her over to your car and unlock it. She gets in the other side and sits in the seat, wrapping her tail around her front.
“This is a really nice car. I had no idea it was yours.” She tells you. “I thought it was a teachers.”
“Thanks.” You tell her. “It really helps if I get up late and need to get to school fast.”
She giggles at that and you throw your bag in the back, sitting down yourself. She reaches down below the seat, feeling for something.
“Hey, where's the seat adjuster? I can't find it.” She says.
“It's on the side of the seat. It's electric.” You tell her, pushing the start button.
“That's so cool! I've never seen an electric seat before.” She tells you.
“Do you have a car?” You ask.
“No, I don't. I have my license but my parents can't afford to get me a car, not to mention I can't find a job yet. I'm not out of school and all the part time jobs are taken.” She tells you.
“Oh, that's gotta suck.” You tell her.
The lion in his lifted truck starts blaring some obnoxious hip-hop with his bass set to max. You groan and close your door, muffling the sound almost completely. Heather rotates her ears around and smiles.
“This really is a nice car. It's almost as if that guy doesn't exist outside.” She tells you.
You hear a thump behind you and see the lion threw a cup of brown liquid on your rear window. Heather sees this and growls.
“Leave it. He does it all the time.” You tell her.
She just sighs and sits back in the seat. You put on some music before turning it up a bit.
“What is this?” She asks.
“Classical music. Supposed to help relax you.” You tell her. “I usually listen to, um, other stuff, but I don't like listening to it with other people in the car.”
“I understand.” She says, buckling her seatbelt.
You do the same and shift into reverse, looking behind you as you back out.

	When you get back to your house, you open the garage, parking your car inside.
“Where do your parents park?” She asks.
“Parents?” You ask. “This is my house.”
“Your house?!” She asks. “How do you already have a house?!”
“This was actually my parents old house that they gave to me when they bought a new one. They're pretty well off.” You tell her.
“Did they buy you this car too?” She asks.
“No, I bought it.” You tell her,unbuckling your seatbelt.
“How?” She asks.
“I've been a mechanic for 3 years now. Ever since I got a certificate, I started working on cars. Turns out, I make a lot of money.” You tell her.
“How old are you?” She asks.
“19, I got held back in 7th grade.” You tell her, exiting your car.
Heather gets out of your car and you close your door. She does the same and walks over to your side. You open the rear door and grab your bag, as does Heather. You walk over to your house and unlock it, opening the door to a warm house. You wave Heather inside and she comes in, looking around curiously.
“Do you want anything to eat? I can make some ramen noodles or something.” You tell her.
“No thanks, I'm fine.” She tells you.
You nod and take her over to your dining room table.

	You set the book down and take a drink of water.
“Okay, so a recap. What river did George Washington cross?” You ask.
“The Delaware.” She says.
“When did America choose a flag?” You ask.
“June 14th, 1777.” She tells you.
“Good.” You tell her. “What happened between September 19th, and October 17th, 1777?”
“Battles of Saratoga.” She tells you.
“Good, well, that does it for now. Guess we can end the studying for today.” You tell her.
“Really? That's it?” She asks.
“There's not much left in this unit anyways, so don't worry about it.” You tell her.
She gets up from the table and walks over to you.
“Well, turn the chair.” She says.
You turn the chair to face her.
“Unzip your pants.” She continues.
“Wait, what?” You ask.
“You want me to suck your dick, don't you?” She asks.
“Well, I wouldn't be opposed, but you don't have to!” You tell her. “I'm just helping out because you asked.”
“O-oh.” She says, putting her shirt back down. “I, well, um, just assumed...”
“Hey, it's fine. I won't hold it against you.” You tell her.
She sighs, relieved to hear you're not angry. You know how anthros can be and completely understand her assumption.
“Hey, uh, want me to call my parents, or...”
“I was actually going to ask if you want to play some video games.” You tell her. “Unless you want to go home, that is.”
“No, I'd rather go home, maybe some other time?” She asks.
“Sure.” You say, grabbing your coat off the back of the chair.

	You're driving her through a really nasty looking part of town, passing anthros in hoodies with tools in hand.
“Right there.” Heather says, pointing to the house with its light on.
You stop in front of it, unlocking the door.
“See you at school tomorrow.” You tell her.
“See you!” She says with a smile.
Her dad comes out of the house and she frowns.
“When I get out, just drive.” She tells you.
You nod and when she gets out, you drive away as she closes the door. Her dad watches you leave, but fails to get a good look at you as you continue down the street.

2 months later, spring break

	You groan again as she beats you at Halo, completely wiping the floor with you.
“Damn, you're pretty good.” You tell her.
“Yep.” She says, drinking the last of her Dr. Pepper.
Heather had been coming over to your house every week to study and play video games. She turned out to be a pretty nice person, even though your mom said predators were mostly mean people. She told you that if you really wanted an anthro girlfriend, that you should go for a capybara or a deer of some kind. From your experience, the bucks wouldn't let you near any of the does and the capybara anthros were very cautious of you as well.
However, Heather wasn't your girlfriend, she was just a friend. A good friend who cared and gave you company in your lonely home. She managed to get permission from her father to stay over at your house the entire spring break, which meant you could spring that surprise on her. You had asked her about 3 weeks ago that if she could have a car, what kind of car she would want.
“I'd want something that doesn't get stuck in the snow.” She replied. “The snow here is brutal.”
You had obliged and bought her a Subaru. She hasn't even asked about it yet.
“I've been wondering, whose car is that out in the garage?” Heather asks.
Bingo.
“I dunno, I just figured I'd buy another car.” You tell her casually. “Come on, let's go for a drive.”

	You take her to a parking lot and shift into neutral, pulling the parking brake.
“You wanna drive us back?” You ask her.
“Uh, are you sure? This is your car, and I don't want to crash it.” She tells you.
“It'll be fine. You have your license right?” You ask.
She nods and you get out of the drivers side, swapping seats with her. She gets in the drivers seat and adjusts it, the power seat whirring into place. She smiles at that, still finding power seats entertaining. Heather shifts into first and steps lightly on the gas, releasing the parking brake and clutch. You feel the car ease forward as she drives out of the parking lot.
“This is really cool. I haven't driven in a long time.” She tells you, turning down the road to your house.
“We can keep driving around if you want. In fact, let's go over to the Arby's down the street. I don't feel like cooking today.” You tell her.
She nods and you both drive past your house.

	When Heather stops in the driveway, you both sit in the car for a bit.
“So, did you like driving it?” You ask.
“Yeah, it was so smooth, the seats feel nice, and the gear shift feels nice to use.” She tells you.
She hands you the keys and you smirk.
“Well that's good.” You tell her. “Because it's yours.”
Her ears fold back and her eyes widen in disbelief.
“You're joking, right?” She asks.
You hand her back the keys and shake your head.
“You said you didn't have a car because your parents were too poor, so I figured I might as well find one for you. Checked everything over myself and completely changed all the gaskets and hoses. Has a new fuel and water pump as well as a new alternator. It shouldn't-”
“THANK YOU!” She shouts, thrusting herself towards you.
She pulls you into a hug and begins purring, rubbing herself on your cheek.
“You're welcome.” You tell her, returning the hug.