>You couldn’t help but keep glancing over at the time on the dashboard of your car, every minute ticking by only adding to that sinking feeling in your stomach.
>“Come on, come on.” You said, anxiously tapping your foot.
>Of course, there was traffic, why wouldn’t there be whenever you needed to be somewhere, you sighed.
>On any other day, you wouldn’t care but today was a special day, celebrating your one year anniversary.
>It was a little corny, but you figured it’d make for a nice surprise.
>In your infinite wisdom, you’d forgotten to buy a gift during the week, having to do some last minute shopping.
>Thankfully the traffic jam ahead was slowly clearing up, eventually allowing you to reach the store.
>You rushed inside, determined to buy what you needed and get out as quickly as humanly possible.
>After roaming the aisles for half an hour, you decided you might just be the worst gift giver on Earth, not being able to decide on a good present for your girlfriend.
>You’d only been with her for a year, but you wanted to make sure you got this right, this past year being the happiest you’d been in a long time.
>What the hell did lionesses like, anyway?
>Continuing to scan the aisles you finally spotted something, a novelty animal hoodie catching your eye.
>It was one of those hoodies where the hood looked like the head of an animal, this particular one meant to be a lion.
>It was too good to pass up, taking it into your hands and continuing to look around for a present.
>You eventually settled on a nice bottle of red wine, some sirloin steaks and a beautiful bouquet of scarlet red carnations.
>It wasn’t particularly creative but you wanted to play things safe, not knowing much about what kind of gifts would be appropriate.
>After ringing up your purchases you all but sprinted out of the store and into your car, running two red lights on the way home.
>Quickly taking off your jacket, you changed into the lion hoodie before heading inside, flowers and gifts behind your back.
>You took a deep breath and gave the door a firm knock, hearing Aurora make her way to the door.
>You put your very best smile on, eager to see her reaction to the hoodie.
>“Anon, is that you?” She whispered.
>“No, it’s the mailman.” You joked. “Of course it’s me!”
>She opened the door, taking one glance at you and bursting into laughter.
>“Anon, what - the hell - are you wearing?” She asked, picking you up by the shoulders, your legs dangling in the air.
>“What, you don’t like it?”
>“No, no I like it it’s just…” She said, breaking into a giggling fit. “Anon, you look more like a cub than a lion to me.”
>“Do not.” You said, mock pouting.
>It was somewhat true, Aurora having half a foot on you, towering over most humans at a sizable 6’6” stature, nothing to scoff at, especially by lioness standards.
>In your eyes, she was beautiful no matter what, the warmth spreading through your body from your embrace only serving to reinforce that opinion.
>It felt so good you forgot you were supposed to be the one giving her a present.
>“Anon, what’s that behind your back?” She asked, setting you back down.
>You held the flowers and gifts out in front of you, grinning.
>“Happy Anniversary, Aurora.”
>“Oh Anon, they’re beautiful.” She said, smelling the flowers. “You’re too sweet, you didn’t have to get me anything, just having you is enough for me.” She said, tussling your hair.
>Her praise was enough to put a dopey smile on your face.
>“Nothing could ever be too much for you, Aurora.”
>“How about I get dinner started for us?” You asked, holding up the steaks.
>She took you by the hand and started to lead you inside. “I’d like that.”
>After putting the flowers in a vase she quickly joined you in the kitchen, eager to see you work.
>You weren’t some amazing chef but you still considered your culinary talents above average, having cooked for yourself since you were a teenager.
>Steak was simple enough, a hot pan along with some salt and freshly cracked pepper could come together to create a mouthwatering and perfectly seared steak.
>Aurora watched you closely as you worked, licking her lips as she watched you season the steaks, practically drooling once you dropped them on the pan, the sizzle and smells overwhelming for someone with such a strong sense of smell.
>You knew she liked her steak medium rare, being careful to not overcook the steaks as they seared, setting them on low heat when they were adequately cooked through.
>“Anon, do you mind if I freshen up real quick?” She asked. “It was really hot today.”
>“Go ahead, I’ll set the table while you do.”
>“Thanks, Anon.” She said, giving you a kiss on the cheek.
>As you watched her saunter away you wondered how you’d gotten so lucky to have someone like her in your life.
>Before you’d met her your life had been pretty mediocre, struggling to make ends meet, tired of everyday feeling just like the last.
>Didn’t help matters any that you’d had nobody in your life before meeting Aurora, not being on the best of terms with your parents and family, something you were both grateful for and saddened by.
>You loved your mother as any son would but she’d always been emotionally and rarely, physically abusive.
>It was just a part of your life you’d rather forget and leave behind than be constantly reminded of.
>Then you’d met Aurora through a mutual work friend and none of that mattered anymore. You started off as good friends, occasionally getting some drinks or lunch together.
>She showed you what it was like to laugh and enjoy even the minute things in life again, something you were grateful for every day.
>You got to know her over time as the caring and compassionate person she was, always on the edge of her seat listening to whatever you had to say when you were together.
>It took a while to muster up the courage to ask her out on a real date, her stature intimidating you a bit, but it was the best decision you’d made in your life.
>Things had gone well and now, here you were, going steady for the past year, treasuring every moment spent together.
>She’d help you work through your issues, listening to you vent on occasion and you’d return the favor by assuaging her insecurities, namely those regarding her height, which wasn’t hard considering you loved that about her.
>As you heard the shower faintly turn off in the distance, you decided to finish setting the table, setting wine glasses and cutlery in front of each seat.
>You place a steak on each plate, making sure to leave the biggest one for Aurora and her sizable appetite.
>To further set the mood you lit a small candle you’d been saving for an occasion like this one, along with turning on a little mood music.
>You thought things couldn’t be more perfect until you saw her, her short, freshly washed coat looking smoother and fluffier than you’d ever seen it before.
>There was nothing you wanted to do more than bury your face into her fur, imagining the sensation being enough to send shivers down your spine.
>It was hard to accurately describe how beautiful she looked even in a simple blouse and jeans, fitting her so perfectly you almost suspect she was poured into them.
>She was intoxicating, a smile and a deep look into her eyes was all it would take to leave you breathless.
>“You look stunning, Aurora.”
>“What, in these old things?” She asks, pulling at the straps of her blouse.
>“I wasn’t talking about your clothes.” You say, pulling her chair out.
>“Feeling bold today aren’t you, Anon?” She asks, purring.
>Despite your outward appearance and demeanor you were sweating bullets, determined to make this night one the both of you would remember for a long time.
>Grabbing the corkscrew, you pop the cork off the bottle of wine, pouring out two glasses.
>You raise your glass to make a toast. “To many more anniversaries.”
>“You’re such a dork, Anon.” She replied, clinking her glass with yours.
>“Maybe, but I’m your dork.” You said with a laugh.
>“Are you really going to leave that thing on while we eat?” She asked.
>“What, I thought you liked it?”
>“It looks cute on you Anon, but I’m going to choke on my food if keep having to look at it.”
>“Alright, alright, I’ll take it off.”
>The rest of dinner went off without a hitch, Aurora complimenting your cooking and even helping herself to seconds.
>While her appetite sometimes left your wallet hurting, it was something you could live with, for her sake.
>Looking at the nearly empty bottle of wine, you were concerned about just how many glasses of wine she'd helped herself to.
>“So, what are we doing next An-on?” She slurred.
>“Well, I was thinking we could watch a movie together or s-” You cut off as you were suddenly slung over her shoulder.
>She was far stronger than her appearance let on, able to carry you without even breaking a sweat.
>“I’ve got a better idea, dear.” She said.
>“Well, don’t stop on account of me.”
>You had a pretty good idea of where you were headed, despite not being able to see anything but her firm ass swaying back and forth, her jeans struggling to contain it.
>There was not a red-blooded male put on this earth that could resist the sight of a nice ass, yourself included.
>Reaching down, you helped yourself to a firm handful of the flesh, making her stop in her tracks to swat your arms away.
>“Stop it Anon, save that for later.”
>Once you reached the bedroom she threw you down onto the bed, a hunger in her eyes that scared you a tiny bit, if you were being honest with yourself.
>“Get those clothes off Anon, leave the boxers on though.” She purred.
>You complied, a little scared they’d come off by force if you didn’t, turning to admire the show Aurora was giving you.
>She began to undress in front of you, taking off her blouse and jeans, leaving nothing to the imagination.
>Unhooking her bra slowly, you got a glance at those beautiful furred globes that you were always happy to rest your face on.
>The only article of clothing that remained on her toned body was some white panties.
>The first time you’d seen her nude body you’d thought she was some kind of angel sent by God to brighten your life.
>To you, her best assets were from the hips down, wide hips complemented by a firm, shapely ass and supple thighs that could have any man counting his blessings.
>She slowly climbed into bed with you, facing you and bringing you closer to her body.
>You felt unbelievably warm nestled in her silky fur, resting your head on her neck fluff, sighing deeply and closing your eyes.
>“I’ll never get tired of this, you know that?” You said. “It feels like I’m inside a fuzzy cloud right now.”
>“I needed this too, Anon.” She cooed. “You’re always so soft and warm.”
>She started to run her fingers through your hair, giving you a scalp massage that you never knew you needed.
>“Ugh, that’s the spot.”
>She ran her other hand down your back, gently using her claws to tickle at your exposed skin, causing goosebumps to erupt from the once smooth surfaces.
>You felt a little guilty getting this much attention without reciprocating so you began to run your fingers through her coat, making sure to leave a free hand to scratch behind her ears.
>Being scratched behind the ears really got her going but you knew her biggest weak spot was under her chin, using your other hand to coordinate a simultaneous assault.
>She squirmed, purring louder and louder as you scratched, feeling the vibrations emanating from her body intensify.
>“Right there Anon, don’t stop scratching.” She groaned, a throaty purr escaping her mouth.
>It felt like you were you were in the world’s softest massage chair, the warmth and vibrations only serving to heighten the sensory pleasure you were feeling.
>You felt that familiar stir in your loins, all the self-control in the world not being able to stifle your growing arousal.
>You were each putty in each other's hands, running your roving hands over every nook and cranny they could reach.
>Running your hands further south, you palm both of her asscheeks, softly kneading at the malleable flesh and pulling her even closer to your growing manhood.
>You felt her breathing grow heavier, her warm breath mingling with yours as you stared into each other’s eyes.
>Taking a hand off her perfect ass, you pull her into a passionate kiss, forceful yet measured at the same time.
>Despite starting as a gentle kiss, your tongues wrestled ferociously for dominance, each determined to gain control over the other.
>As she continued to grind on your practically nude body you could feel the heat emanating from her core, a fire that only you had the power to quench.
>Snaking a free hand down into her panties only made it more clear that she wanted you, no, needed you, damp and sticky fur enveloping your hand.
>You teased her slick lips, slowly rubbing them and meeting her gaze to gauge her reaction to the stimulation.
>Her panting only got heavier, closing her eyes and biting her lower lip to try to stifle any moans.
>It was like a challenge to you, one you intended to accept, slowly slipping your finger inside her wanting slit.
>“Oh, f-fuck!” She moaned into your ear, your manhood giving a throb in response.
>Your finger felt like it was inside a warm, velvet-lined vice, her insides gripping and sucking at it as you slid in and out.
>Picking up the pace earned you a few more throaty moans, Aurora purring like an engine at this point.
>The vibrations grew stronger as you slipped another finger inside, your girlfriend practically thrusting at your fingers, eager to be stimulated deeper inside.
>“More Anon, please!” She moaned, her body undulating against yours.
>You placed your mouth around one of her nipples, gently teasing the erect nub with slow and calculated circular motions, causing her to push your head further into her bust.
>It felt like having your head trapped between two soft and fuzzy pillows, the heat radiating from her only enhancing the sensations you felt.
>You couldn’t get enough of her intoxicating scent, taking a deep whiff and closing your eyes to appreciate the contrast between every smell.
>You could smell the faintest hints of lavender and pomegranate from her shampoo and conditioner, but the scent that really drew your attention was an almost musky scent, the unmistakable smell of her arousal filling your nostrils.
>It was a powerful motivator, your arousal growing harder by the minute,  soon to reach a boiling point.
>Aurora was slowly turning more and more into a puddle resembling a lioness as you continued to thrust your fingers further inside and tease at her sensitive nipples, trying and failing to subdue increasingly louder and shakier moans.
>She managed to slip away from the pleasure overtaking her momentarily, suddenly pulling away from you to reposition herself on top of you, slipping off her panties in the process.
>Her weight pinned you to the mattress, the lioness facing you as she brought her body down to lay on yours, that warm comforting feeling making its way throughout your body once again.
>“I think it’s time to get these off Anon, don’t you think?” She said, tearing off your underwear with her claws.
>You were unbelievably hard at this point, throbbing every time the silky fur of her midriff tickled at your shaft and balls.
>She brought her mouth close to your ear, panting.
>“Anon, I need you… need to feel you inside.” She said in a low growl, more a warning than a request.
>Taking the initiative you reached down at your shaft and lined yourself up with her entrance, her slick fluids dripping down and coating your shaft.
>Raising herself off you ever so slightly, she comes back down and painstakingly starts taking your length inside her, gripping handfuls of your hair for support as you fill her up.
>You were struggling not to immediately lose yourself inside her warm folds, every pulse and contraction having enough force behind it to practically wring your cock out.
>Eventually, you bottom out inside her, sitting still as you each let those wonderful sensations permeate your brains.
>She starts rolling her hips as you’re lodged inside her, the movements stimulating your sensitive head, causing you to throb inside her.
>“God, you feel amazing Aurora.” You moaned.
>“Anon, your dick is filling me up all the way, it feels so good...” She whispered in your ear.
>It was a struggle but you managed to reach your hands down to the underside of her thighs and ass, taking a firm cheek in each hand.
>It took every single ounce of strength you had in your body but started to lift her up and slam her down on your shaft, over and over again.
>“F-fuck, just like that Anon, don’t stop!” She exclaimed, a shaky moan escaping her lips.
>You groped her thighs and ass as you brought her down into you, again and again, the sounds of unrestrained moaning, flesh coming together and primal growling filling your ears.
>It was a difficult position to maintain, you having to do all the work as she laid on top of you, her head just barely above yours.
>You sped up your assault, muscles screaming as you continued to lift her up and down, her pulling on your hair only becoming stronger as you did.
>At this pace you weren’t going to last much longer inside her, her walls only tightening and pulsing around you with increasing vigor each passing second.
>You use every ounce of strength left to wrestle yourself out from under her, flipping her over on her back while still deep inside her.
>Holding her tight to you, gripping her hips for support, you were determined to make every stroke you had left count.
>Pulling almost your entire length out of her, you quickly brought it back home, grunting as you felt those slick folds massage every inch of your shaft again.
>“O-ohh, faster Anon...” She moaned as she felt you bottom out.
>Aurora held you tightly around her, feeling her claws start to dig into your back, just roughly enough to break the skin.
>As you continued to thrust, you felt your own end approach, redoubling your efforts to get her off before you did.
>You reached down and used your thumb to play with her clit, the extra stimulation making her squirm and writhe in pleasure as you continued to fill her up.
>“An-on! - faster - deeper - please!” She screamed between moans.
>Aurora was close to losing control as well, doing her best to pull you deeper inside her and keep you there.
>It was like a switch had been flipped inside her, her folds contracting and pulsing at an ever-increasing pace and tightness.
>The fire raging inside her demanded to be extinguished, her walls gently milking your head demanding you release every drop to satiate their thirst.
>You warned her, looking to her for guidance.
>“Fuck, Aurora, I’m gonna…” You clench your teeth. “..cum, where do you want it?”
>She gripped you by the hair with force again, bringing your ears down close to her mouth.
>“Please Anon, I want you to…” She whispered into your ear. “..put a litter of your cubs inside me.”
>You almost lost it then and there, your shaft throbbing and twitching at the prospect.
>She brought your mouth to hers, bringing you into a rough kiss as you continued to thrust deep into her, her legs locking around yours, giving you no escape.
>You gave her a few final strokes, slow but making sure to bottom out inside her as you approached your climax.
>“Come on Anon, give it to me already!” She growled, breaking away from your kiss.
>Those words of encouragement were all you needed to finally give in to the pleasure centers in your brain screaming for release, every pulse and contraction from her ongoing orgasm only serving to milk out more and more ropes of your thick, warm seed deep into her needy, fertile passage.
>As she writhed like mad under your weight, rolling her rips fervently, you collapsed on her, pulling her into another kiss as you deposit the last of your seed inside her, your dick giving a satisfied final twitch.
>“Did we really just do that?” You asked, panting in exhaustion. “Are you on the pill, Aurora?”
>“No, I’m not on the pill, Anon.” She said, also panting. “God, you came so much Anon, it feels so warm inside me..”
>You panicked a bit, her response making you run a multitude of scenarios in your head, in most of them seeing yourself raising a family.
>You probably weren’t the most qualified person to be a father but there was no way in hell you’d abandon Aurora or your children, no matter the circumstances.
>Pulling your dick out of her, you couldn’t help but admire how much of your seed you pumped into her.
>“Can I even… get you pregnant?” You asked, rubbing the back of your head.
>“Of course you can, Anon.” She said, smiling. “I meant what I said, about wanting to have a litter of your kids.”
>“What are you even going to name it?” You asked, running a hand over her furred belly.
>“I think you mean them, Anon.” She laughed. “Lionesses usually have two or three kids at once, dear.”
>“Of course they do…” You said, panic starting to set in again.
>You felt your chest and wallet tighten at the prospect of having two or three kids, Aurora sensing your worry.
>She pulled you into a tight embrace, making you the little spoon, gently running her hands through your hair to calm you down.
>“Things are going to be fine Anon, we’ll always have each other, okay?” She gently whispers in your ear.
>“It’s not that Aurora, I’m worried, you know?” You asked. “I have no idea if I’ll be a good father or not.”
>She turned you to face her, burying your head in her neck fluff as she tenderly massages your shoulders and neck with one hand, gently running her claws down your back to tickle you with the other.
>“You of all people are worried about being a good father, Anon?” She asked, looking into your eyes.
>“Everything you did for me today is proof that you’re a caring person with a lot of love to give, Anon.” She said, kissing your forehead.
>“If you treat the kids even half as good as you treat me they’ll turn out great.” She beamed, proud.
>“You mean that?”
>“Of course I do Anon, I love you.” She cooed. “There’s nobody I’d rather have to father my children.”
>“I love you too Aurora, you’re the best thing that ever happened to me.” You say, kissing her back.
>You stay in that warm embrace for what seems like an eternity, gently running your fingers through her fur, basking in each other’s warmth.
>Whenever you’re in her embrace you feel truly at ease, that feeling of being truly loved was enough to assuage any fear or doubt you might harbor.
>As it becomes increasingly clear that neither of you wants to leave this embrace, you reach to turn off the lights and toss the sheets over both of you, resting your head on her fluff and finally drifting off to sleep, a smile on your face.