[theme https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtxtta7sB9A]


The howling wind and rain came down hard on Ariyah's bedroom window, the grey moody clouds blanketed the culdesac skyline, the sound of the pitter patter of rain being the soundtrack to her blue mood, deep in thought about the news that her human friend is moving away tomorrow who was always to scared to make it more than just friends between them, even though there was an unspoken connection. Ariyah softly consoles herself, talking to her condensated window.

"Stupid Anon, moving away leaving me here in this dump of a town all by myself." Ariyah curses and mumbels swears under her breath.
"Why does he have to leave, why couldn't things just stay  they way they were... it's not fair". She let's out a sigh a draws a smiley face on her steamed up window.
"Just smile and be happy they said, it's hard on him too so you have to be strong for him. Just smile, that's all I can do." She runs her fingers through her blonde hair closing her eyes still trying to deny what's happening. She leans her head against the window, listening to the sound of whirring of the heating inside the house. Ariyah opens her eyes to the same scenery, the smiley face leaving a droplet under the eye like it knew what she felt.


"What were you waiting for Anon." Ariyah cooes mournfully. "Were you hoping that I could read your mind, so you wouldn't have to say those three words out loud. Why didn't I just say it first, all that time wasted when we were both feeling the same thing and ." Ariyah's sudden flow of tears are stopped by the sound of a knock at the front door. Ariyah listens intently as to who it his, the warm tone in her mother's voice can only mean it's somebody she knows. Ariyah can guess who's at the front door.

"Ariyah~ it's Anon, he's come to see you, shall I send him up?." Ariyah struggles to get her words out, feeling nervous and clammy. "Y-yeah..." Ariyah's heat beats faster with every creek of the stairs getting closer to her door. Her heart jumps into her mouth when her door opens, her head turns round and See's Anon walk in, Ariyah can't help but smile at seeing him, feeling nostalgic repressing and pushing down all the recent events and now pretending like nothings changed and they we're the same best friends who would be there for each other forever.

"Hey..." Ariyah gives a soft smile. "Hey....you okay." Anon says with concern in his voice, they both feel the same awkward tension of not talking about the elephant in the room. There's a deafening silence in the air, Anon is the first one to break the silence.

"So, can I take seat, or am I going to have to settle for your invisible chair." Anon forces a chuckle trying to lighten the mood, Ariyah breaks into a genuine smile and taps to a space on the window sill next to her. Anon hops on, the window was very large and the sill wide enough to sleep on. Anon and Ariyah stare out the window together, there isn't talking, but the tension in the air has gone away leaving only two friends starting out into the dreary world.


"You remember when we first met..." Anon says with a thousand yard stare on his face, thinking deep in thought. 
"Yeah I remember". Ariyah chirped. "It was in the summer, you joined my high School. You were having a pretty hard time settling in. I saw you in cafeteria eating by yourself and went over to you and asked if you wanted me to sit next to you, and the rest was history...".
Anon responds with a reminiscing smile.
"You were my best friend through high School-still are obviously".

Anon draws his own smiley face on the window but there's a sadness in Ariyah's eyes when he mentions the word friend. Like a constant reminder that both we're to scared to take a chance at love and stuck with familiar territory and now it's too late...no, no it's not too late, Ariyah made up her mind that's it's now or never.


"I noticed that you never had any girlfriend's in highschool...or college for that matter." Ariyah looks over to Anon but he keeps staring out the window, almost not wanting to look Ariyah in her eyes.
"Yeah, I was always busy with studying to be dating". Anon was never a good liar, he covertly clears a lump in his throat, he fires the question back before any awkwardness can set in. "Well, what about you, you never wanted to date either." Ariyah goes to rebuttal but he's part right. "Yeah you're right, I didn't date...but I wanted to". Ariyah reaches for Anon's hand, his hand hot and he's taken off-guard, he spins around to face her but never pulling away, he waits with bated breath at what Ariyah will say next.

"We wanted it so much Anon, why didn't you say you loved me-dont deny it now it's too late for that, I don't want anymore second guessing, I want to hear it from you right here, right now; Do you love me?."

His voice fails on him, his hands fidget with his lower shirt, but Ariyah's emotions can't take the waiting anymore. "YOU CAN'T EVEN TELL ME YOU LOVE ME!, WHEN YOU'RE NEVER GOING TO SEE ME AGAIN!, WHY ARE YOU SO AFRAID! I LOVE YOU OKAY! WHY CAN'T YOU-". Her sudden burst of bottled up desire and frustration is washed away with a sudden heat of the moment kiss from Anon. Ariyah without thinking instinctively puts her hands on Anon's warm cheeks, desperately savouring this moment for as long as she can. Anon's eyes begin to swell, he puts his hands on top of Ariyah's hands, they press their foreheads together trying to become one.

"I was just so afraid of hearing no...". Anon gently squeezes her hands, her fluffy chest moving rhythmically with her racing heart. "And then when I found out I was moving, I didn't want to hurt you even more by telling you how I felt, how could I move away *and* ruin our friendship, leaving you all by yourself". Anon moves Ariyah's hands away and from his cheeks and locks them together by his sides, bittersweet tears begin to form in Ariyah's baby blue eyes.

"Why couldn't we just say it to each other sooner". Ariyah gives Anon a faint smile. "And now you're leaving". Ariyah's faint smile is all but gone, the rush of happiness is soon crushed by the reality and why this late confession occurred. Anon tries to comfort Ariyah as best he can, trying to be positive and because he can't bare to see her cry.

"It's okay, we'll still be in touch...and I'll make sure to visit you once I'm all settled in; Come on~ I don't wanna leave you so sad, let me see them pearly whites before I go." Anon's attempt at cheering her up worked, she gives a light chuckle as she wipes away a few tears on her cheek. Anon smiles along with her but they're cut off by the sound of a honking car. They both stop, Anon goes to explain but she presses her finger on his lips.
"I know... I'll be fine". She gives a smile as she sits back on the window sill. Anon not finding the rights words or any words just simply leans in a gives a soft kiss on her cheek.

"-Bye~". Her voice can't muster up adding "good". Ariyah places herself comfortable on the sill before Anon walked in. Anon smiles one last time as he closes the door behind him and the sound of the creaking steps fade into silence.

Ariyah looks out the window again, the rain begins to let up as she looks at the smiley faces on the window, they begin to leave a mark, like a momento of Anon's goodbye. The sound a car driving away comes from the front of the house. Anon is finally gone. Ariyah looks out the window as the sun begins to emerge from the dreary clouds. "You aren't far away Anon". Ariyah looks at sun lit droplets on her window like crystal rainbows of light, Ariyah looks at the smiley face drawn on the window by Anon and draws a heart next to it. "You'll always be close to me.".