Royal Rising
Tags: Human/Ratfolk, Male/Female, Male Human/Female Ratfolk, Older Female/Younger Male, Pregnant Sex, Multi-Breasts
----------
Dawn. No matter where she was, Kaweel always knew when the sun was rising. She'd spent too many long years on the road, synching her shifts to the sun in one way or another, to be able to ignore it. Even if she would rather stay asleep, the ratfolk knew she couldn't. So,  she sighed softly to herself and opened her eyes.

Whilst that little detail of her own life had changed, so much else had, making it almost strangely comforting. For starters, her bed had gone from a well-worn and often painfully thin bedroll in whatever out-of-the-way nook she had to call her own to a luxurious four-poster bed, complete with the plumpest, softest pillows she could have imagined, wonderfully soft blankets, and even a fancy boundary curtain thing for added privacy and to keep out pesky sunlight - she knew it had a proper name, but she didn't care to recall it at the moment.

A sudden sharp pressure in her midriff made her grunt, a sensation like a tiny little kick coming from within. Impulsively, she pulled off the blankets and looked down, placing a hand on her stomach and smiling as she noted the other major change in her life. Namely, her massively gravid gut, bulging with a nearly full-term litter of ratlings.

Kaweel had resigned herself to a life alone. She'd always been outspoken, headstrong, aggressive, driven, and determined to look after herself - traits that were far from appealing in a female ratfolk in the eyes of most males. As the years had gone past, well, male company had seemed something she was never going to attain - she was 33 now, well past her prime childbearing years in the eyes of her own culture. No ratfolk male would look at her when there were younger, fresher, more fertile females to turn to.

"Are they fighting again?" Came a warm, affectionate voice from behind her, making the ratfolk's ear twitch. An arm slid across her swollen side, pale-skinned and hairless, caressing her teats in passing before moving to place itself atop her hand over her stomach. Kaweel twisted partially, to look over her shoulder, and smiled as she looked into the eyes of her human husband, Ryker.

In many ways, Ryker was as odd amongst his people as she was amongst her own. Though he claimed the title of "Prince" by birthright, he would be the first to explain that it held little value. He was, in his own words, the family runt; an unexpected fourth child born to a royal family already blessed with a strong, strapping crown prince, his brother and eldest sibling, and a pair of beautiful twin princesses. He was delicate, quiet and bookish where his brother was a paragon of masculinity, a boisterous bruiser of a man as chisled as a sculpture brought to life, the epitome of a storybook prince who was beloved by all who knew him. Ryker was never going to inherit the throne, and had made peace with that. Of course, when a cult had kidnapped him, his royal family hadn't intended to just sit back and let them get away with that!

Which was how man and ratfolk had met. Back then, Kaweel had still been an adventurer; a landless, aimless wanderer who drifted from place to place, surviving by strength of arms, cunning, luck... and a willingness to spill blood. She'd heard of Ryker's fate, and decided to see if she could earn a royal payday. She'd managed to rescue him, but it had been a long journey to take him back to his family's lands, and... well, along the way, Kaweel had finally learned just how different cultures could be. Everybody knew humans would bang anything - but she had thought the age difference would have put him off, because he had not yet turned fifteen when they had met. Instead, it had only encouraged him; to her amazement, he had confided that he found her experience all the more enticing. One thing had led to another, and, well, nobody had been more surprised than she when at their arrival to the court, Ryker had offered her his hand in marriage as her reward for saving him. Not that her surprised had prevented her from accepting.

And now, here they were; married, living together, and expecting their first litter. Such an odd couple - him a fresh-faced youth, with his pale hairless skin and his golden hair, and her, a battle-scarred old doe whose black pelt and mane were turning salt-and-pepper, with gray and white shooting through the once coal-black fur. But they didn't care how they looked to others, because they were happy.

Pushing aside the memories, Kaweel responded to her mate's question with a gentle shake of her head. "Mmm, no, just one of them rolling around inside of me. They like to sleep a lot."

"Heh, they do indeed - let's hope that they keep that trait when they decide to come out," Ryker chuckled warmly, playfully tickling the ratfolk's navel, everted from the pressure of her overfilled womb.

Kaweel allowed herself an amused giggle at the sensation, then churred softly as Ryker's lips pressed themselves against her ear, and something hot and hard pressed itself against her rump, rubbing over the base of her tail. "Rrr, what, already? What would your people think, to know their prince is so eager to bed an old fat she-rat?" she groused, the amusement in her tone belying her facade of crankiness.

"They'd think their prince is a red-blooded man, who knows what to do when he has a curvaceous, fertile female in his bed," he responded, the corniness of his words - he'd clearly been reading those silly bodice-rippers on the sly again - somehow lessened by the sincerity in his voice. "Besides," he added, his hands sliding across her body to caress two of her breasts, "I don't hear you saying no," he teased," and then gently nipped at her ear, an action equally dominant and arousing for her people.

Kaweel shuddered, her fur bristling along her back as a quiver raced down her spine all the way to the tip of her tail, which lashed about atop the sheets. "Horny young buck... you'll be the death of me," she sighed, her voice husky with arousal. But it was true, she wasn't struggling; she'd always laughed when she'd heard dams talk about how being pregnant made their libidos spiked. She wasn't laughing now. As her mate's fingers crept down between her thighs, she knew exactly what he'd find; she was already dripping wet with anticipation.

Not that it stopped Ryker from starting to play with her; he'd always been such an EAGER student once they'd begun sharing a bedroll on their way back. His slender, girlish fingers deftly began to stroke her folds, feeling across the sensitive flesh with light, quick strokes that made Kaweel shiver in pleasure. She bit back the urge to squeak in joy; she loved her mate, but she wouldn't concede to him THAT easily!

But Ryker knew her tricks as well as she knew his, and he simply gave her clitoris a carefully measured pinch, forcing her to squeak loudly, tail stiffening as sharp surge of pleasure rippling under her skin. He  kissed her cheek sweetly, and then began to move, sliding down the length of her back before sitting up, stroking her thigh in the process.

Swollen as she was with her brood, Kaweel couldn't take her mate face to face - her stomach and her tits just weighed her down and got in the way. But they'd learned to adjust for that, and she lifted her uppermost leg, allowing Ryker to slip into her lap from behind. She could feel his cock rubbing against her slit, hard and hot against her needy flesh, and she moaned softly in anticipation as carnal need flooded her mind.

He didn't keep her waiting. He just slipped inside of her dripping gash, gently feeding his dick inside, giving her all the time she needed to adjust to being filled. A pointless courtesy - she was so wet and horny she would have enjoyed two or three ratfolk bucks trying to fill her at the same time - but that tender side was one of the reasons she loved him so much. She squirmed as much as she could when pinned down by her gravid bulk, clicking her teeth in a ratfolk gesture of encouragement as she felt him inside of her, stretching her out. Ryker pushed inside until he'd reached his hilt, and then began to shift himself around, slowly laying down beside her and making Kaweel chitter and squeak as his rotating flesh ground against her innermost depths.

Now more or less belly to belly with her, Ryker began to thrust - slowly, at first, gently sliding back and forth. But he steadily built up his rhythm, thrusting with ever-greater vigor, until his wife's whole body quivered and quaked and their bed groaned beneath them. He clasped at two of her breasts, kneading and caressing them, pinching their nipples between forefinger and thumb, and brought his mouth to a third.

Kaweel squeaked and moaned as her mate suckled from her, merging that primal, motherly pleasure with the carnal bliss he was sharing through the rest of their union. Warmth flooded her whole body, spreading tendrils of bliss emanating out from her innermost core. Sparks of pure pleasure crackled under her skin,  making her twitch and shiver. She squeezed her eyes shut as tightly as she could, praying to the gods of her people for rewarding her by letting her find someone like Ryker. The blackness behind her eyes turned red, her breath catching sharp and harsh in her lungs; she was close, so, sooo close...

Then, the last vestiges of her self-control snapped. She arched her back, squealing in a gutter-tongue of Qweakish and pure feral bliss as she climaxed. Fireworks danced behind eyes, her fur bristling to nearly double her size, limbs twitching, milk seeping from her breasts and femcum gushing thick and free from her cunt as she came and came and came again. Somewhere, in the depths of her passion, she felt the warm wetness of her mate's seed filling her womanhood, pouring instinctively into her depths in an effort to achieve what had already been done, but the knowledge came from far away.

And then, as sharply as it had arrived, it receded, leaving Kaweel sprawled bonelessly on the bed, panting for air. Her vision was fuzzy, and she stared aimlessly off into space as she waited for her heart to stop racing. "You're going to kill me one of these days, you dumb buck," she mumbled. Despite her grizzling, she was smiling hugely.

"You know that you wouldn't go out any other way," Ryker chuckled weakly. He gingerly slipped free of her  cunt and slithered up the bed until they were face to face, planting a tender kiss on her nose.

Unable to refute him, Kaweel sighed. Then she smirked mischievously and grabbed him, pulling him in close for a real kiss, passionately pressing her lips to his. Ryker played at trying to struggle free, but the ratfolk had no intention of loosening her grip, shifting around slightly to partially pin him beneath her as she hungrily kissed him again and again.

And then she felt something deep inside her stomach; another flutter of motion, strong and purposeful. And then another, and another, until her stomach was visibly rippling from the kicking of her unborn pups. Reluctantly, she pulled away from her lover, ears flattened in embarrassment. "I think we woke them up," she confessed, unable to meet his eye.

Ryker just smiled and nodded, before placing his hand flat against her moving belly. "At least they're heavier sleepers than their mother is," he teased her.

Kaweel snorted, and rolled her eyes. "Lazy like their father, you mean," she retorted. The two of them lay there, curled up against each other, before she asked, "...Does it bother you knowing they'll probably all look like me?"

"Why should it?" Ryker replied curiously.

"Well, I mean, you are a prince..." Kaweel pointed out.

"With an elder brother and two elder sisters, all of whom inherit the throne before me," he replied. "If, by some miracle, the throne does pass down to me? So what? This kingdom has survived many things; it can survive a king or queen with big ears and an adorable tail," he declared.

At his words, Kaweel let out a breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding. "You always know what to say to me, smoothskin," she said, the mild slur an affectionate joke between them.

"You make it too easy, fuzzball," he replied, kissing her again. "Now how about we go to the bathhouse and get you all cleaned up, hmm? Nice hot soak will do us both the world of good."

Kaweel nodded, and after a little struggle to help the hefty dam get upright, the two of them rose from their bed to begin their day.