This account is abandoned, I will not be updating on this platform anymore. Find me on SF or AO3.

Everyone who knew Angelo Capodano loved him. He considered everyone around him to be his family, and he always made sure to help out family first. The rat-man would give out of his own wallet to pay his friends' debts and pull strings to land them jobs, rarely asking for anything back. If he owed a favor, he made it a personal policy to pay it back ten-fold.

His greatest boon was his ability to charm almost anyone. Angelo would invite himself over to an associate’s houses for dinner, entertaining them with stories of growing up as a 5th child with no father in an apartment built for two. He would dance with his host’s wife, and, if berated, would offer his hand to the host as well. Impressive, considering most folks wouldn’t come within 10 feet of another rat-man.

He was very well connected, and it seemed like he always knew the right person for every situation. Angelo knew the old Mayor Whitecliff on a first-name basis, and even shook hands with the governor twice. He always maintained a positive impression on those he talked to. To the day when they finally took him away, I had yet to meet a single person who held a grudge against him. Although to be fair, I met plenty at the trial.

With the line of work we were in, that positive impression was kind of a necessity. Even though the boss did the best he could to hide it, we all knew that what we were doing could also be classified as “extralegal.” Angelo had a claw in so many restaurants, auto-part shops, and laundromats, we were surprised the man had enough time to sleep. With the time he put in, and the sheer volume of wealth he gave out without the expectation of repayment, the money he was making from his dinky little mom-and-pop shops just didn’t add up.

It was three years ago when the IRS made this same realization and looked into some of Angelo’s more successful ventures. The writing was on the wall, and the police took many of us in for questioning. Dozens of people close to the Don himself were interrogated, all to build the biggest money laundering case the state had seen for four decades. In the end, Angelo had the choice to reduce his own sentence by divulging the names of everyone else who worked with and around him. To his credit, though, Angelo may have been a rat, but he wasn’t a rat. He refused to implicate any other associate by name.

Even then, he couldn’t shield us completely from the arm of the law. Two of Angelo’s brothers are serving time for trafficking charges, and another one of his associates is joining him for an effective life sentence after accumulating hundreds of blackmail charges. As for me, none of my older “jobs” were uncovered by the investigation, but after finding my signature on the balance sheet of a pizzeria with profits that seemed just a bit too high, I got sent to the slammer for my own 6-month stint and received a hefty fine. It was a mess to try to fix up my life after that, but after a year of good behavior and careful management, I’ve gone back to doing what I was doing before I worked for the don. I have my own mechanic shop out on Maple Road and 24th Street. I’d be lying if I said it payed half as well as the old gig, but no one gets hurt, and at least I don’t have to worry about the fuzz any more.

It had been a year and a half since I served my time when I heard anything from the family. It was a freezing January morning, and it had snowed two inches the night before. I had made a small fortune the month earlier switching tires, and had just invested in new brake lathe to speed up brake jobs at the shop. I had just parked my Toyota Celica in the lot when I noticed a skinny looking bastard with white fur standing in front of the main entrance. I recognized the familiar pinstripe suit, the trademark of a made man. 

When I realized this, I cursed under my breath, drawing a revolver out from my glove compartment. Today wouldn’t be the day I got whacked. With care, I slipped the revolver into my coat and prepared myself mentally for an upcoming confrontation.

I stepped out of my car and slammed the door shut, catching his attention. He held his hands rested at his sides as he stared me down.

“Hey Tony!” I shouted. “It’s been quite a while, bud. Your car need an inspection or something?”

The rat’s fur bristled as he walked toward me. “You already know I don’t do business with scum like you,” he said, poking a claw into my chest when he finally reached me. “Maybe you thought the rest of the family wouldn’t notice when you cashed your chips as soon as things got tough, but that shit doesn’t get past me.”

I brushed Tony’s hand away and sized him up, checking him to see if he was carrying. “I didn’t say a word about you or anyone, and I served my time. I’ve paid off my debts and I’m allowed to fucking retire.” I pushed him aside and made my way towards the door of my shop. “If you want to hold that against me, Tone, go ahead. I don’t give a rat’s ass what you think of me, no offense.”

The rat snarled. “You may not be a dirty snitch, but you’re still a disgrace in my eyes, Manzarelli. When someone gets involved in our thing, they’re in it until death. You took an oath.”

“If you’re just here to berate me for cleaning up my act, then beat it.” I paid little mind to my former associate as I unlocked the door and started to open up shop. “I’m sure you have better things to do with your time, and I don’t need some thug sonuva bitch losing me business.”

The rat grunted. “Believe me when I say that I would have never reached out had it not been on the orders of the big man himself. He has a message for you.”

Tony reached deep within his jacket and withdrew a tied manila envelope, thrusting it into my hands. “Read it when you’re alone.” With that, the rat pulled his hat over his eyes and walked away.

I held the envelope in my grasp for a few moments, inspecting it for any signs of trickery. Then, looking around for any potential watchers, I stuffed the envelope in my own jacket and walked through the door. There, in the yet-unlit space of the auto-shop. I opened the drawer to my desk and shoved the envelope in, unopened. I didn’t want to start my day on that bullshit, so I figured I’d get around to reading it after work.

What followed was a mostly uneventful shift. My employees started coming in at about 8:45 AM, and handled most of the minor jobs. Some folks came around for a tire change, and some others came in for spare parts or an inspection. I spent most of the day filling out paperwork and counting revenues, and spent half an hour at the end of the shift teaching myself and my workers how to use the new lathe. All in all, a productive, if boring, day.

I grabbed my hat from the rack and was about to close up shop when I saw a curious sight across the street. Two rat-men were getting into what looked like a heated debate across the street. It seemed as if one was getting winding up a punch when the bus arrived at the stop, and then the two figures disappeared when the vehicle left.

The exchange reminded me of the parcel I had received from my unwelcome guest, and I took it out of its place to hide once again in my coat. I started to sweat in the freezing air, as if the envelope was filled with hot coals. I waded through the fresh snow and jumped into my car, pushing the envelope into my glove compartment with my revolver. I didn’t want to take any risk of me getting seen with it. I drove back to my apartment, parked my Celica in the garage complex, and walked into the building, envelope held tightly to my chest.

The doorman of my building greeted me with a smile. “Evening, Mr. Manzarelli, how was your day?”

I kept it brief. My time in prison made me paranoid about giving away too many details, and I didn’t want to reveal the envelope to anyone. “It was long, to say the least. Need to sleep it off.”

“Understood.” He turned away from me, and I walked into a crowded elevator and punched the button for the 11th floor. After a near eternity listening to insufferable Muzak over the tinny speakers, accentuated by the full stop the lift made on each floor, it finally reached 11, and I ushered my own way out. Fumbling with my keys in one hand, I opened the door to my apartment and took off my coat, placing the secret envelope on my coffee table. Finally, safe from unwanted eyes, I tore open the top and removed the letter, reading through every word.

“To my comrade, Dominic,” it began, “We have had many a laugh and many a drink together over the last decade. It was you who helped me keep my finances in line so I could keep up with all of my work without the worry of needless expense. It was you who made sure my businesses ran smoothly in my absence. And it was in you who I confided my secrets in my darkest of days.”

“I write this letter not as a command for a subordinate or even as one of a bargain between colleagues, but rather as a request from a friend. I’ve heard rumors that you don’t associate with the Capodano family anymore. That you cleaned up your act, and that the rest left you to fix your own life only because you didn’t squeal. I’m impressed by your show of loyalty, and I want to catch up with you soon. No odd jobs, no book cooking, just a visit to an old friend. Come to Saint Germaine’s State Prison on Thursday of this week if you can. Thursday is when my guys are on duty and they’ll let you in no problem. Fill out the visiting form there.”

“It isn’t lost on me that you may think this little rendezvous risky, or otherwise a waste of time. I place faith in your good will that you’ll honor the wish of a friend. Until Thursday, I’ll wait for your visit.”

"Ciao,

Angelo Capodano" 

I held the letter in my hand for a few minutes reading it over and over, unsure of how to think or feel. I put the letter on my coffee table, and headed for the bathroom to wash my face. Leaning over the sink, I stared into the mirror at a pudgy 30-something mechanic. “It may not be as fancy as what I did before, but it’s a lot more honest. Pull yourself together, Dom! Do you really want to risk losing everything again just to see a friend you haven’t talked to in two years? What if this is some kind of trick to get back in your good graces? What if he wants to bring you back in the fold?”

Water poured from the spigot into the basin, where it splashed my hands and face and dribbled down my chin onto the floor. “You aren’t a Mafioso anymore, Dom, and you weren’t much of one to begin with.” I turned off the water, took off my coat and hung it up on the rack. My apartment was cluttered and messy, so I got to work making sure I put everything in its place. I checked all my drawers 3 times over, then returned to the coffee table, where the letter waited. 

Grabbing it from the desk, I had half a mind to tear it into shreds until in the corner of my eye sflashed a reminder of the life I had left behind. Framed on the wall was a picture taken years ago, one of my old associates having a laugh at the bar. In the center stood a plump Angelo Capodano, mouth open and eyes closed in the midst of a hearty laugh. On his right with an arm around his shoulder was a younger and more fit yours-truly.

It all started to come back to me in flashes. Every book I cooked to keep operations running away from the eagle-eye of Uncle Sam. The vacant stares of junkies, high on drugs I myself once smuggled. The cold mask of terror that continues to haunt me today, frozen on the face of a man who knew only a little too much. Every sin I had done as a part of our thing, almost all of which I escaped without consequence. 

Consequence I escaped of course, with the help of Capodano himself. At the trial, he did his best to take the blame for or cover up my own crimes. It jogged my memory of all times we shared a table for a meal, toasting to our successes and forgetting our failures. All of the nights we went out, killing the time by flirting and dancing with pretty little things knowing that nothing could ever come of it. Even the late-night calls between us, the few times I got to see the true Angelo, behind all of the gangster swagger and bravado. A flawed man fighting against the law to bring himself and the people close to him up.

“The old rat might have been a devil for all of his misdeeds, but Angelo always treated me well. The man made sure I had a second chance to start over once I got out of prison. And how do I repay him?” Guilt started to weigh in my heart. “Not a letter, not a phone call, nothing! I let the big man down.” The room stood still and silent as I ruminated over my failures. 

I looked once more at the letter in my hands, now stained with bitter tears. “No. This is my chance to redeem myself as a friend. I owe that much to him after all he’s done for me.” With my mind set, I pulled myself up and marked the date and location in my calendar. It wouldn’t have been right to leave the Don waiting for nothing, after all.

-----

The next few days dragged on. For most of it, I buried myself in paperwork, making sure all of my revenues were accounted for so I didn’t attract the attention of the taxman. On Tuesday, Eric, one of the mechanics at the shop, accidentally scratched the door of some rich kid’s Maserati. 

“You can see it from here, you blockhead! How did you manage to scrap it so deep?”

“It’s not that bad, you can just buff it out.”

The kid held his hand to his face. “I just got a paint job too… what if this is too deep to just buff out? I want a refund so I can get this fixed by a real professional!”

“I’ll take care of it myself for free, you big baby. Calm down.”

I placed myself in between Eric and the customer. “I heard some commotion. What seems to be the issue here?”

The rich kid gestured towards Eric. “Your employee here was rude to me after I made a complaint about a huge scratch he left on my car. I want my money back.”

“He got so worked up about it.” Eric butted in. “I tried to explain to him that it’s an easy fix but he wouldn’t listen.”

“I’ll handle this. Eric, go sort the tools, we’ll talk about this later.” The mechanic sulked away as I turned to the car to inspect the damage. As Eric had said, the scratch was long, but nothing that couldn’t be fixed up with a buff. Regardless, there was an ego that required stroking. 

In a calm voice, I said “I’m sorry for that, sir, you deserve better. We can offer you a half-refund, and I’ll give you a ticket. If you come in tomorrow or the day after, we’ll fix up the scratch for you for free, or if you want us to do it now, I’ll have one of my other guys make it look beautiful. How does that sound?”

“I can accept that as long as you talk to your mechanic about good customer service.” Eric flashed an evil eye at the kid from his blind spot. “Can we work out an appointment for tomorrow to fix it up?”

“Of course. I’ll make sure to write you down for noon. Have a nice day, sir.” 

As the customer left the building, Eric dropped what he was doing and approached me. “’Talk to him about good customer service’ my ass. What was his problem?”

“His problem was that you screwed up, and you tried to shrug it off like it was nothing. And he was right about the customer service thing, Eric, clearly you need to learn a thing or two.”

“You saw the scratch, boss, it was so shallow. You or I could have buffed it out in 5 minutes.”

I shook my head. “That isn’t the point. You’re in the business of fixing cars, not starting arguments. An angry customer becomes someone else’s customer. Next time somebody has a complaint, send them right to me.” 

His face burned red with embarrassment, and he opened his mouth to say something, but held back. I put a hand on his shoulder. “You’re a good kid, Eric, but you need to calm down with our clients. Put yourself in his shoes. What if you were wearing a nice suit that you just got dry-cleaned for a date, and some bozo bumps into you and spills coffee all over your jacket, and then has the balls to tell you it’s an easy fix?”

"I’d be pretty pissed off, boss.”

I flashed a reassuring smile. “It’s not the best analogy, but now you understand how that kid felt in the moment.”

Eric’s attitude didn’t lose us any other customers that day, and he took more care in preventing any incidents. Hopefully he learned a thing or two from all of the trouble, the last thing I wanted to deal with was a repeat.

Wednesday didn’t see much of interest happen, and the day crawled on with more tire swaps and oil changes. The only saving grace was lunch break, when we all got to sit down and I got to listen to stories of the dumb nonsense my employees get up to when I’m not watching them. Today one of the younger guys, a rat-man named Pete, was telling a story about a bad date he had gone on to the amusement and disbelief of the rest of the crew.

 “…And she wouldn’t shut up during the entire screening! It was so embarrassing that I excused myself to go to the bathroom and left her there.”

“Smooth moves, Casanova,” piped in Jerry. “Why didn’t you just tell her to quit blabbin’ and get to watchin’?”

“Cut him some slack, Jerry,” I cut in. “He just doesn’t know the proper etiquette. You think he goes on a lot of dates?”

Pete plastered on a fake smirk, face red with embarrassment. He fired back “More dates than you, old man! When’s the last time you’ve had any action?”

I ran my hands through my hair, slicking it back. “A few gray hairs don’t make me an old man, I’m only 35. Besides, I might not be much to look at now, but I was a lady killer 10 years ago. Girls would line up to get a piece of this.” I gestured up and down my torso. “The only woman I really need in my life right now is a good car, and I already have that. I’m not going to get any hook-ups in this shape, and I don’t have the time for anything serious.”

Jerry frowned. “Christ, Boss, that’s just sad. If you want to come out for beers some time to pick up some girls, you can call me, alright? I’m a pretty good wingman, I’ve heard.”

“Don’t worry about my love life for me, especially when I’m not concerned about it. I’ll definitely take you up on the drinks though. Saturday work for you?”

“Works for me!”

“Are you even old enough to drink, Pete?”

After some more cheerful banter, the mechanics got back to work. Before closing time, I took Jerry aside to remind him that I wouldn’t be here tomorrow, so he had to come in early to open the shop.

“No problem, Boss, but if you don’t mind me askin’, why did you need me covering for you on such short notice?”

Damnit. I couldn’t spill the truth about it, and he knows I’m not the kind of guy who takes off from work to visit friends. He also knows I’m not the kind of guy who has friends to take off work for. Thinking quickly, I excused myself with a medical concern. “I’m just getting something looked at by the doctor, kinda embarrassing to talk about.”

“Say no more. Take care of yourself, big man.” Jerry patted me on the shoulder as he left the garage with the two other mechanics working that shift. I closed up shop and drove back home.

After my usual careful routine of inspecting my house for bugs or traps, I took a beer out of the fridge and watched a football game. Angelo was a massive Dragons fan, so I made sure to tune into their home game so I could catch him up on the scores.

When it finished, I left to check my closet for something to wear. Several hangers of blue shirts and khaki pants were neatly lined up. It seemed a little disrespectful to show up in my plain old work uniform to visit Angelo. Especially after we haven’t seen each other in such a long time. 

I moved to the next item that caught my eye. The tuxedo I wore while I was a made man. It was a nice black suit with a matching bow tie. The don himself purchased it for me after my initiation as a gift. Which is why I ultimately decided that I couldn’t wear it. The tuxedo wasn’t who I was anymore, and it probably didn’t fit me anyway.

A good compromise choice was a dress shirt and black pants I kept for formal occasions. I grabbed that from the closet, ironed out the wrinkled, and hung it on the door knob. Tomorrow was the day I’d set things right.

-----

A cold shower woke me up nice and early on Thursday to make sure everything was in order for my visit. The shirt fit better than I expected, although admittedly it was still a little snug around the waist. I picked out a red tie from my drawer, slipping it around my neck and tying it with perfect form, as if I had worn one in the last year. Staring at my reflection, I realized that I should start dressing like this more often.

The address for St. Germaine’s was already pulled up on the phone when I got into my car. It was a pretty short drive, about 15 minutes into one of the less reputable parts of town. I double-checked to make sure my car was locked up and turned to the facility.

The prison was a large, imposing complex, built up from gray stone. On the western side of the building was a courtyard boxed in by fences and barbed wire. Two stone-faced guards, one a rat-man, stood at the front of the building. Neither made a noise when I entered the facility. 

The main lobby was no more welcoming than the prison’s exterior. Old fixtures bathed the room in a sickly greenish light, and a low ceiling made the whole room feel claustrophobic. The only other souls in the room were a human guard standing by a metal detector, and a disinterested clerical worker fiddling with a pen behind a bulletproof glass cover. This worker too was a rat.

“Identification, please,” buzzed the speaker in front of the rat. I reached into my wallet and put my driver’s license into the exchange box. “Dominic Manzarelli? Who are you here to visit today?”

“Angelo Capodano. I’m supposed to fill out a form, I think.”

The worker tapped away her keyboard, “Just let me confirm that you are on the inmate’s visitors list and… yep, can you fill this out for me?” She placed a clipboard with a pen and form into the box.

I retrieved the form and began to fill it out. Most of the questions were simple enough, name, address, phone number. The inevitable question about criminal background aroused a little worry in me. I rose a finger to express my concern to the worker. Before I said a word, she explained, “That’s just for liability, don’t fret over it.” She smiled. “Unless you’re trying to break him out, in which case you should worry.”

I finished up the form and returned it to the rat-woman, who gave it a once-over and pointed me to the metal detector. The guard gave me a quick pat-down, took my car keys, and let me pass through the machine.

“Not even a crucifix, huh? This part of the visit usually trips up his visitors.”

Conjuring a fake smile out of politeness, I commented “Never was one for jewelry.” before asking him where Angelo’s cell was. He radioed in another guard, who escorted me around the facility to the don’s cell. As we marched up the steps on to the prison’s second floor, I remembered my own 6 months in prison, and all of the negative feelings that came with it. How had Angelo been able to keep himself together in an environment like this, knowing there’s only one way out?

The guard stopped short at one of the cells and knocked twice on the door, shouting “Capodano, you have a visitor. Get up!”

I heard some movement from behind the door as we waited for a response. “You can let them in now, unless it’s that scumfuck from the IRS. I don’t want to see him.”

The guard opened the cell door to reveal a small blank room with the bare essentials, and a shiny toilet and sink. Books were piled up on a desk near a tiny window, from authors as diverse as Shakespeare, Tolstoy, and Malcolm X. Postcards and letters from an assortment of friends, family, and strangers hung on the wall, some complete with drawings. And in the center of the room stood an older white rat in an orange uniform, giving me the widest smile I had ever seen on him.

“Took you long enough to visit, Manza. I knew you wouldn’t let me down.” The don ran over to hug me, which I returned with full strength. He took a seat on his bed and motioned towards the chair. “Have a seat, my friend.”

I took him up on his offer. “It’s good to see you too, Angelo. You look like you lost a lot of weight. You eating right?”

“Hah! I’m eating less, more like. The food here is awful; I can barely keep it down sometimes. I’d kill for some of Donna’s lasagna. How about you?” He poked at my gut. “You look like you’ve been well-fed all this time. You used to be in killer shape, what happened?”

“Ah, I don’t have the time to eat healthy or to work out. I have my own business now, and I put all of my energy into that.”

“That’s no excuse, bud, you’re gonna work yourself into a grave at this pace. You gotta take care of yourself. And what’s this about all of your energy? The family’s said you left them behind. You really turned your back on all of them?”

I broke eye contact. “Yeah. It got too real when I spent six months in federal for a signature. Who knows what could’ve happened if they could get me for anything else. I can’t do that again, Ange, I just can’t. I didn’t snitch on anyone, so when put all the money I earned from the streets back in, they let me go.”

“That’s what the other guys said too. I think I get it.” Angelo started to rub his neck fur. “You didn’t come here because you wanted to break off completely from our thing, and you tried to do so while hurting the family as little as possible. At least you kept your honor in breaking it off. What do you do for a living now?”

“I own the repair shop on Maple. It’s like what I did in high school when my parents kicked it.”

“You own your own business now? And you did it without dirty money? I always figured if any of the younger soldiers could do it, it would be you. You always seemed to know how to handle the paperwork.”

“Don’t remind me about the paperwork. You try applying for a business license when you’re an ex-con whose name is attached to Angelo Capodano.”

“Try applying when your name is Capodano!” 

We had a good laugh for a few seconds, and in that instant, it felt like nothing had changed. 

“So you have your own repair shop, color me impressed. Tell me, how do you treat your men?”

I smiled. “They aren’t my men, Ange, they’re employees. I treat them as best I can within reason. Once I started running a profit, I bumped their wages up, and I gave them each a small bonus this Christmas.”

“And the younger ones, do you teach them what I’ve taught you?”

“You mean about respect and responsibility? Of course I do, I don’t want them picking stupid fights by running their stupid mouths.”

The Don clapped twice. “Good man. And did you hire any short, hairy gentlemen such as myself?”

“My youngest mechanic is a rat, if that’s what you mean.”

Angelo got up and patted me on the shoulder. “Very good man! I’ve taught you very well it seems. Can I tell you something, just between you and me?”

“Sure.”

Angelo straightened up and put his hands on his lap. “If things were different, and if you were a rat, I would have chosen you as my successor. I think you understood what I was trying to do better than anybody else.”

I shook my head. “No, no, I left the family, that doesn’t…”

“Listen, Manza, you took the only option that wouldn’t put you in the grave or prison for life. You took the punishment you got and didn’t bring anyone else down with you. That’s an honorable way to bow out of our thing, no matter what anyone else says. And I know what you did when they first put me on trial. You tried to make all of our front businesses profitable so those employees didn’t get fucked over when I got sentenced. So that maybe someone who wanted to take over could operate their own business and put money into the fucking community.”

“I still used a lot of my street money to cover my own legal fees.”

“Fucking everybody did that!” shouted Angelo.

The guard shouted back from the cell door. “Quiet down, Capodano, or I’ll cut the visit short. We have rules here for behavior during visits.”

“My apologies, Frank.” He turned back to me. “Everyone was guilty of using their dirty gains to bolster their own legal defense instead of helping the family. Tony did it, Rico did it, even I did it. You were still the only one who saw or did anything about the bigger picture, about how it would hurt the community when I got busted. I’d prefer you in charge of my legacy over Tony any day, and it’s a goddamn tragedy that I didn’t get to make that choice.”

I found myself nodding in agreement. “Tony’s turned into a real fuckin’ douche-canoe, hasn’t he?”

“I never fuckin’ liked Tony. I could tell he was going to be a conniving little cunt when he turned 16. I only let him join the ranks because he’s my blood through my sister. He only cares about profits, he doesn’t give a shit about his men or the community. His own community! The one he grew up in!” The rat started to run his hands through his head. “He’s going to make all of the god-awful things I’ve done pointless. I don’t want to talk about him anymore. He doesn’t deserve it. Change the subject.”

I stayed there for the rest of the hour, chatting with the Don about everything from the last Dragons game, to literature, to his kids. He showed me the letters he got featuring drawings from both of his sons, talking about how proud he was of them. He still got conjugal visits from time to time with his wife and kids, and he mentioned that those were his favorite days of the month, when he got to play board games and pretend they were a normal family. I could almost see tears in his eyes while he brought it up.

At the end of the hour, the prison guard came in to escort me out of the building. Angelo and I exchanged one last hug and said our goodbyes.

“You better visit once a month, Manza, I don’t want to deal with this bullshit again, alright?”

“Of course, Ange, you have my word.”

-----

Leaving the facility took weight off my shoulders. As much as I appreciated seeing an old friend, that room was too cramped for my liking, and being in any prison is uncomfortable. I grabbed my keys from the guard on the way out and took in the fresh air. It was about 11 AM, and I had the rest of the day to myself. It seemed only right to enjoy it.

I drove around downtown aimlessly for a bit, looking at the store fronts and passersby as I cruised. Whisker’s Pub and Grill was closed at this hour, and I saw a young rat-man sweeping up dirt and broken glass from the front of the building. The 2nd Street Department Store, or 2Deep as most knew it, seemed to be bustling with activity. Most of the customers seemed to be human, and it seemed as if many were exchanging unwanted gifts received during the holiday.

The idea of bringing in a gift for exchange always irked me. It’s one thing if a gift is the wrong size or something, but taking it back because you just don’t like it, or because you like something else more seems ungrateful in my eyes. People should value what they get from their loved ones, you never know if this is the last holiday you spend together.

There were a few new and unfamiliar storefronts as well. I passed a new pet shop on 5th street, where I saw a little boy holding a small puppy. They also finally refurbished the pizzeria on 6th, a former Capodano property, and an elderly rat-man I recognized from my old life was working behind the counter. Maybe a quick stop to get lunch and say hello was in order? I wasn’t in the mood for pizza, though, so I figured I’d visit another day.

What did catch my eye, however, was the new coffee shop on the corner of 8th and Main. “Coffee King” was an eccentric business, to say the least, with signs written both in broken English and Mandarin. I had skipped coffee that morning, and I figured that would be a good excuse to check out and support a local business.

As anticipated, the café had an Asian sense of décor. Each table had ornate complicated designs painted on the top, and all of them took the shape of an octagon. The walls featured Chinese writing that I didn’t understand, and the room was lit by paper lamps that varied in color based on placement in the room. The building itself was crowded, for I had unknowingly entered at the peak of the yuppie lunch-break rush.

A young rat-woman with brown fur came in and filed behind me. My first thought was to ignore her and focus on figuring out what to order, but as the minutes crawled by, I took a second glance out of boredom. She looked to be carrying a laptop, and underneath a winter jacket, she sported a Steed band shirt. Angelo had actually introduced me to Steed during my first drug run, so I figured I’d strike up a conversation to piss away the time.

“I like the shirt.”

The woman’s eyes darted around the room for a second, then pointed towards herself. “Are you talking to me?”

“Yeah, I like the shirt. Steed, right? My old boss introduced me to them a couple of years ago.”

The rat woman shrank a bit and offered a tepid “Yeah. Steed.”

Christ, talk about awkward. Maybe those knuckleheads at the repair shop were right, what kind of opener is “I like the shirt”? What the hell was I thinking?

I didn’t open my mouth again until I reached the register. The woman at the register glared straight through me and asked “What do you want, sir?”

“Just a medium black coffee, please.”

“That’s gonna be two dollars.”

I forked over the cash from my wallet and grabbed my receipt, sitting down at the nearest empty table, which happened to be under the pink lights. I’ll just wait here for my coffee and then leave, I thought. No need to embarrass myself more than I already have. 

I watched from the corner of my eye as the rat-girl talked to the cashier. At first, after placing her order, they spoke in whispers. The cashier pointed at me with a foul look, and I mentally prepared myself for the embarrassment of getting kicked out. Then the conversation shifted to one of surprise, then of laughter, and finally reassurance, as the cashier placed a hand on the rat-girl’s shoulder.

Then, things took an odd turn. The rat-girl approached my table. “Is this seat taken?”

I thought she was creeped out, why was she over here? “Uhh, no. You could take it if you want.”

“Thanks.” She sat down at my table. “Sorry if I made things weird earlier, I don’t get noticed by strangers all too much. I kinda shut down for a second.”

It seemed like I was talking to a completely different girl, where did this change of attitude come from? I glanced over at the cashier, who seemed to be swamped with orders. “It’s uh… it’s no problem. So how did you get into Steed?”

“I used to think it was total dad-rock, and my own dad used to play the older albums in the car all the time. When I got his old CDs a few years ago, though, I resonated with the Stallions album, and I’ve been a fan since.”

Alright, I thought. This was something I could work with. “What a great record. I was at one of their reunion concerts once, you know?”

The rat girl’s eyes widened. “Are you talking about the one at River Bar amphitheater? My dad asked me to go to that one! He had tickets but I blew it off to see a movie with my girlfriends.” Her voice lowered. “I really regret that I didn’t go, it was one of the last things I could have done with him.”

Oh. That was downer. “Is he, uh, not around anymore?”

“I’m not going to be seeing him any time soon, that’s for sure.”

“Believe me. I get it. My parents died in a car crash when I was in High School. It sucks to lose a parent, especially so young.”

Silence hung in the air for a little bit, only broken when the serving boy came to give us our coffee. I had a sip of my own. It was a huge step up from the instant coffee shit I made from home. It had a much richer taste without being too bitter for my palate. The perfect topic to jump-start the conversation again.

“This coffee is really good! Where did you find this place?”

She pointed to the cashier. “My friend Kim over there is the cashier, and her dad owns the place. It’s a really nice place to work after lunch.” She patted her laptop bag. “Sorry if she stared you down earlier, she’s a bit overprotective.”

“Hey, she was just trying to have your back. That’s what friends are for, after all. Also, I don’t think I ever caught your name?”

“My name’s Marcia. And yours?”

“A pretty name for a pretty woman. I’m Dominic.”

“Quite the charmer, aren’t you?” The rat girl blushed and smiled. It quickly shifted into an inquisitive look. “Actually, you look kind of familiar, Dominic. Were you on the news a couple of years ago, by any chance?”

Fuck, I knew that the news about the trial was aired across the whole state, but if I recall correctly, my name was mostly mentioned in passing. Maybe she’d believe something I made up on the spot?

“I own the Auto-Repair Shop on Maple. Maybe you remember me from when I was on during the grand opening?”

“Probably.” It looked like she bought it. “So, you own your own business. Do you like it?”

“I like what I do. It’s mostly paperwork and management, it’s my employees who do most of the repair. It pays pretty well. It’s not too interesting, other than that.”

“Hey! Don’t discount yourself! At least it’s honest.”

“Just how I like it.” I didn’t want to incriminate myself while the conversation was so young, so I decided to ask her a question. “You said you like to do your work here, so what about you?”

Marcia’s ears folded back and her tail straightened out. “Oh, I’m... in between jobs right now. I got laid off from my last job, at an engineering firm in Low Ridge.”

“There’s no shame in that, it happens. It’s part of why I started my business. You get any interviews lined up, at least?”

“It’s still a work in progress. I have a few that are an hour away, but I don’t want to commute any further than that regularly. Twinriver is my home, it’s where all my friends and family live. I’ll move if I have to, but I don’t want to go too far if I can help it. Between you and me, I’m a little rusty with my interview skills, and if I mess these up, I might have to go farther.”

“You’re a smart girl, you’ve got a good head on your shoulders, and you understand what matters most. I haven’t seen your resume, but I don’t see why anyone wouldn’t hire you. I would, if I thought you’d be interested in a mechanic position. I’m sure your interviews will go on without a hitch.”

“You don’t- Wait,” she paused. “You’d hire me? We’ve barely met.”

“Well, yeah. You’re better at talking to strangers than most of my other mechanics. I had to stop one from losing me a customer over a scratch the other day, one I buffed out in 5 minutes. The knucklehead wouldn’t stop running his mouth, I had to tell him to buzz off so he didn’t make a fool of me. I’d love a worker who I didn’t have to teach respect to.”

That story got Marcia to giggle, a squeaky, genuine laugh that fit the girl it came from. “Aww, thanks! How would you know I wouldn’t be interested, though? Being a mechanic doesn’t seem so bad.”

I shrugged my shoulders. “It just seemed like you were a little overqualified for the position, is all. Only one of my guys has his associate’s, and here you are with an engineering degree. It didn’t seem like your kind of thing.”

“I’ll tell you what. I’m going to go for these last few interviews and see if I can score a job. If not, I’ll take you up on the offer and apply for the mechanic position. Deal?”

“Deal.” I held out my arm, waiting for a handshake or some other gesture of goodwill.

Instead, Marcia gave me a wink. “What if this is the last time I see you in person? Can I get your cell number at least?”

“That would make things easier.” I took out the receipt for the coffee and a pen and handed her my number. “Here.”

“Thanks, I’m just gonna send you a quick text to make sure I put this in right.” She tapped a couple of characters into her phone and I heard a familiar “ding” from my own phone.

“You know, if you wanted my number so bad you could’ve just asked.”

She smirked. “Come on, it was more fun this way.”

Maybe it was. “I’ll let you get back to job searching. Call me if those other gigs don’t work out. Or call me if they do, we’ll celebrate."
	
“Will do. Nice meeting you, Mr. Dominic.”
	
“The feeling is mutual, Lady Marcia.” I took a bow for effect, earning another giggle from my new friend.
	
“Enough with the flattery. Get outta here!”

-----

With an old friendship repaired and a new one budding, I almost felt as happy as I did when I first got the Auto Shop off the ground. That good mood was infectious, and my employees all seemed to be in high spirits after they clocked in. Music blared from the radio, and we finished jobs at a much faster pace than usual. It was as if we all got into a rhythm. The guys were curious about the attitude adjustment, and it only took a few hours for a certain asshole to say something that almost ruined it.

“Yo Boss, what’s got you so upbeat today?” asked Eric. “You win the lottery or something on your day off?”

“Caught up with an old friend of mine,” I replied, as I worked on replacing a flat tire from someone’s shitbox Chevy. “Petey, hand me the wrench please?”

“It’s just that you usually come in with either a scowl or some kinda neutral look on your face. But after your day off, we catch you humming with the radio. I didn’t think you even liked pop music. What’s changed?”

“He had a lot of good news to share, what’s it to you?” I turned my head to the other junior mechanic. “Pete, wrench.”

“On it, boss.”

“Don’t look a gift horse in the mouth, Eric,” said Jerry. “If the big man is in a good mood, just make sure it stays that way. Knock it off with the fucking questions.”

Eric just couldn’t leave it alone, though. “No, he has a story to tell here! We’re going drinking with this mook tomorrow and all we know about him is his age and part of his criminal record.”

That was enough. I had a lot of patience with Eric and his wise-assery, but I couldn’t let this little shit heel bring up my criminal record without saying anything. I stood up and grabbed him by the collar. “You don’t talk to me like that under my own roof, alright? You don’t talk about my fucking rap sheet like you have any clue what I did or why, alright? I should smack the shit out of you for even bringing it up.” I raised my hand for emphasis, eliciting a flinch. “I give you work, and I sign your checks. I don’t owe you dick, much less my life story. Don’t act like you’ve somehow earned that privilege ever again, capisce?”

The room tensed up, with the other mechanics stopping their own work to watch the spectacle. Eric shrunk into himself and broke eye-contact, stammering out an apology. “Sorry, Boss, I went too far with the criminal shit! I didn’t mean anything by it, I swear!”

I let go of his collar. “You’re lucky I’m in a good mood today. Another boss would fire you on the spot for that display. You’re paying for drinks this Saturday, then we’ll call it square.”

My mechanic, scared out of his wits, nodded and got back to servicing the car he was working on. I looked at my other two employees, who took the hint and followed suit.

Things returned to normal by lunchtime, and both Friday and Saturday passed without any major screw-ups or any more overt disrespect from my guys. At closing on Saturday, I pulled them all aside and reminded them about our plans.

“Tonight’s the night, boys. Remember that we’re going to Redblood Lounge and that we’re meeting in the parking lot at 7:30.”

“I thought we was going to Whisker’s?” asked Pete.

“I can’t step foot in Whisker’s. I got into a bad fight a couple of years ago, and management still hasn’t lifted the ban.”  This was only half-true. I could go back to Whisker’s if I wanted to, but it was deep into Capodano territory, and I wasn’t going to risk getting seen there in the dark.

“Redblood it is.” Jerry nudged Eric with his elbows. “Make sure you bring enough money for all of us, Eric.” 

“Yeah, yeah, I know,” he grumbled.

“Don’t start any shit with the bartender either,” I added.

“Drinking calms me down, that won’t be an issue. Tonight’s gonna be fun, boss, relax. See you all at Redblood.”

We all said our goodbyes and went home to prepare. After inspecting my place for any sign of intrusion, I greased up my hair and trimmed my beard to something a little more presentable. It would be unbecoming of a boss to not look his best in front of his workers, even if this wasn’t a work event. I put on a leather jacket, a t-shirt, and a clean pair of jeans then got behind the wheel.

Redblood Lounge was a strip club, and the neon signs in the windows betrayed its colorful nature. The bar maintained a drab appearance during the day, invisible when viewed within the surrounding office buildings. At night, however, the Lounge was a glowing bastion of debauchery, lit up with signs of both human women and rat-girls. Most importantly though, it was far enough from town that I didn’t have to worry about unwelcome attention from any hairy gentlemen in tuxedos.

I arrived at the bar a couple of minutes early, so I spent a couple of minutes on my phone scrolling through my email. Most of it was just junk mail and scam offers, interspersed with a few questions and complaints from customers. At about 7:30, Jerry and Eric both showed up in their own shitbox cars. It took only 15 minutes of waiting for our last companion until Eric blew a gasket.

“That motherfucker always does this. Everybody agrees to a time and he shows up 20 minutes late! Let’s just grab a table and wait for him inside.” He started to tap his feet on the ground.

I put a hand on his shoulder. “Calm down, Eric, he probably just hit traffic or something. It’s no big deal.”

“You don’t know Pete like we do, big man,” said Jerry. “Eric’s right. Rat-boy spends at least 10 minutes after he’s supposed to leave looking at himself in the mirror.”

As he said this, a red Maserati comes speeding into the lot, swerving into the entrance before carefully parking. Behind the wheel was our missing coworker.

Pete rolled down his window. “Hey, Boss, how do you like the ride?”

“You’re late. I’m more interested to hear how you managed to afford it on your wages.”

The smirk died on his face and a hint of red appeared behind his fur. “I uhh… I saved up for most of it and a friend helped me pay for the rest.”

That was troubling. I made note of it in my phone before bringing everyone together. “’A friend.’ Ok, Pete. You’ve kept us waiting long enough tonight, let’s just get our table, and then maybe you can tell us what kind of friends you have that would help you pay for a sports car.”

We walked into the club and took our place in the booth farthest from the stage. The bartender told us that the show didn’t start until 8:30. We each ordered a drink and sat down to unwind.

“I know it’s your business and all,” said Pete. “But I really am curious about what’s got you in such a good mood these last few days. What news did you get that made you so chipper?

“I’ve told you already, I saw an old friend and got a chance to reconnect. His family is doing well, isn’t that enough to celebrate?”

“That’s a bunch of bullshit, boss, no offense,” said Jerry. “Nobody gets so excited over hearing that someone’s family doing well. Is this about a girl?”

I gave him an incredulous look. “Do you really think I’d take you all to a titty-bar over a ‘girl thing?’ For a breakup, maybe.” I felt a twinge of guilt, remembering my conversation with Marcia two days before. Even if she was only part of the reason I felt so upbeat, there’s a sad irony in celebrating your success with women at a strip club.

“You’re an enigma, big man. It’s hard to read you sometimes.”

We spent half an hour sitting around the booth, each passing around stories none of us would tell sober. When it fell to me to tell a story of my own I started to get nervous. The guys were smart enough not to ask about my alleged crimes during my time with the family, but I could tell they were hungry for some stories from our thing. In my infinite drunken wisdom, I opened with a story of a dinner that almost went horribly wrong for the Don himself. I took a few liberties as to avoid giving away any potent information, of course.

“So, I know you chucklefucks already know about my criminal record, how I spent some time in the can for fraud, right? I used to be an accountant, and one of my other clients was Mr. Angelo Capodano.”

“You worked for Don Angelo?” asked Pete. “That’s crazy! How close were you guys? Did he tell you about the Chance Street robberies? Do you know what happened to Tom Diviosi?”

To answer this, I lied through my teeth. “I just worked for him as an accountant, making sure that all of the revenues on his smaller businesses were taken into account. I didn’t ever know him as ‘Don’ Angelo, only as Mr. Capodano, and after a couple of years, just Angelo.”

Pete looked a little disappointed, but my other coworkers continued to pay rapt attention.

“Because we were associates, we went to a few public and private functions together. One day, he and I were visiting an associate’s house in Pull’s Point.”

“We walk in and Angelo immediately compliments the guy’s wife, you know, trying to play the gentleman. He makes some comments during the dinner that we thought were innocent enough, and it gets some laughs from the lady of the house. We don’t know it, but this associate is fuming underneath all of this. Apparently, he was really fucking insecure about fidelity, and he thought Angelo was flirting with her. 2 hours into the visit, some old song comes on the radio. Angelo takes the guy’s wife by the hand and brings her out into the living room. The associate snaps, grabs a rifle from the wall, and points it at the Don’s head. He says ‘Step away from my wife, you dirty fuckin’ rat.’”

My coworkers listened with bated breath, hanging on to every word.

“I’m not sober at this point, Angelo even less so. Both of us are scared shitless, and Angelo steps away from the woman and puts his hands high in the air. He makes a big show of an apology, then stumbles over to the damn guy, reaches out his hand and says ‘You know, if I knew you were the jealous type, I would have danced with you first.’”

My booth erupted with laughter.

“I think if Angelo was anybody else he would have gotten his head blown off. The guy calmed down after that at least. Shame he didn’t take him up on the offer, though.”

“How many stories you got like that, Boss? Too funny!” wheezed Eric.

We had just finished a story about another bad date from Pete when the speaker from the stage started to buzz. “The first show of the night starts in 5 minutes.”

Both Pete and Eric jumped out of their seats and started tripping over each other to get to the best seats in the house, followed by a swarm of other sleazy men. Jerry and I, however, stayed in the booth.

Sure enough, 5 minutes later, the lights in the stage area went dim, and the speaker had turned on again.

“We at Redblood Lounge believe that both human and rat girls are beautiful in their own unique ways. But tonight, we’ve decided that if we’re going to show tail, we should show some goddamned tail! We only have rat-girls performing tonight, and we’re starting tonight’s performance with one of our crowd favorites. Please give it up for Janet!”

A rat-girl with black fur and several articles of white clothing came out from behind the curtain and wasted no time on starting the performance. Her movements had the perfect balance of grace and sexual allure. The crowd went wild as she danced, chanting for her to take off more and more, to which she obliged until her breasts were on full display, and the bills started flying. At least, that’s what I assumed happened. I’d seen Janet’s show twice before, so I decided to pay more attention to the conversation I was having with Jerry.

“Not interested in the show, big man?”

“Hard to be interested when you’ve been to a hundred like it.” I took a swig of my third beer.

He raised an eyebrow. “Why did you bring us to a titty-bar if you were tired of staring at titties?”

I stuck my thumb towards Dumb and Dumber by the stage, tossing their money on stage like a bunch of jack-offs. “My other employees seem to be enjoying themselves, and I wanted to talk to the competent one alone for more than 5 seconds.”

Jerry nodded and rested his head on crossed arms. “I despise strip clubs,” he grumbled. “A bunch of horny men crowding around a performer stripping naked while shoving money in her face. I feel like I’m cheating on my wife just by being here. It’s fucking degenerate and demeaning.”

“Degenerate? Yes. Demeaning? Not quite so sure about that one. I’ve talked to Janet and quite a few of the other girls here. Some of them take a lot of pride in making a performance… titillating. If everyone’s having fun with it, where’s the foul?”

“Don’t play dumb, Boss. You know that a lot of the girls here are only doing it because they can’t support themselves otherwise. It just looks like a business taking advantage of desperate people to me. Why do you think they hire so many rat-girls?”

I took another swig from my mug. “Jerry, you’re a well-read guy and I respect your opinion on most things, but with this, you don’t know what you’re talking about. Half of the strippers here are doing it to pay for college. It’s like a temporary deal. Besides these girls are all adults; they can be their own advocates. If they don’t like stripping, they can get a job somewhere else, like 2Deep or some shit. And even for the desperate ones, it’s a better option than real prostitution.”

“’It’s a better option than real prostitution,’ Christ. It’s like I’m talking to the owner of this place. Were you a pimp in your past life?”

“Don’t start this shit with me, Jerry. I was an accountant, not a pimp. I did the books for places like these and sometimes had a chat with the … You know what? Fuck this.” I slammed my mug on the table. “I didn’t come here to cry about the plight of titty-bar performers. They can choose to make money by doing something they may or may not enjoy, boo fuckin’ hoo. They’re just people trying to make ends meet, like the rest of us. Let’s talk about something else.”

Jerry looked over at the stage for a second, directly at my other two employees. “What about Pete?”

“Good choice. I’m curious about how he paid for that damn car, do you know?”

He shrugged. “He just said he saved up for it when we asked him. I’d believe him if he wasn’t so full of shit about everything else. You think he has a buddy out in Pull’s?”

“I think maybe he got help from somebody else.”

Jerry’s eyes widened. “You don’t mean to say that-“

“Just don’t be surprised if he asks either us for a loan when his ‘help’ comes knocking at his door with the bill.”

“Poor kid. If it’s true, there’s no way he knows what he’s getting into.”

My eyes drifted back to the stage, stealing a glance at Janet before zeroing in on Pete, continuing to throw money on the stage. “Let’s just hope it isn’t.”

Waiting some time for the alcohol to wear off, I got into some more conversations with Jerry, mostly about his own family. After 4 or 5 performances, Pete and Eric came back to the table. where we talked and joked around for a few more hours. We said our goodbyes and made it back to our cars. There was no trouble on the way home, thankfully. 

It was about midnight when I decided to text Marcia. I had remembered that she was all finished with her interviews on the car ride over, and so I felt it prudent to send her a text in the parking lot.

“how did u do on the interviews?”

I was on the elevator ride up when I felt a buzz in my back pocket. She responded “Think I got hired!”

Not wanting to waste time, I asked “congrats, u free 2 meet up tomorrow, same place same time?”

I got a response to this almost immediately. “Sure! See you there! :)”

Satisfied and exhausted, I strolled up to my apartment, searched my drawers, brushed my teeth, and fell face-first into bed.

-----

Snow fell outside as I woke up on Sunday morning. I went through my usual morning routine, brushing my teeth, taking a shower, and combing my hair. I didn’t feel a hangover or anything from last night, so that was a relief. I turned on my TV to watch the news while eating a bowl of corn flakes. The anchorman covered the traffic and weather for a bit, mentioning a union protest over by the docks. I made a note to travel to the café from the north and went into my room to put on some good clothes. I took a buttoned-down shirt and a pair of jeans from my closet and put them on in my living room, so I could keep an eye on the news.

When I was about to grab my belt, another news anchor took over and started covering a new story.

“A rat-man’s corpse was found on the west shore of the Crowchuck river. The body was taken by Twinriver authorities early in the morning for identification. The corpse is suspected to be that of banker and suspected mobster Luciano Rossi.  Police say Rossi was last spotted on camera entering an unmarked vehicle on January 5th and was reported missing on the 7th by his family. If you have any information regarding the nature of his disappearance, please call…”

Another killing. Looked like Tony’s crews were a lot sloppier than Angelo’s were if the cops actually found a body. I frowned. Shame about Rossi, though. He seemed like a nice enough guy when I knew him. I think I ate dinner with him a few times. Must have done something to piss off the new management if he managed to earn himself a one-way ticket to hell.

I shook my head and put on my belt. That could have been me if I didn’t retire. They probably wouldn’t find anyone to ID me either. Least his family will have some closure. I let out a sigh of relief. Thank God I got out.

At 11:30 I made my way down to the lobby, where the human doorman greeted me on my way out.

“Good morning, Mr. Manzarelli. How are you doing?”

“I’m doing pretty well, going out to meet someone.”

“Girlfriend?” He gave me a wide smile. How is it your fucking business?

I kept it curt while wearing a fake smile of my own. “A friend. Don’t want to keep them waiting.”

“Yes, right.”

I walked down to my Toyota, glancing behind my shoulder the whole way down. I made sure to get a close look at every passerby. Something about that asshole really rubbed me the wrong way.

My car was a fucking mess like usual. I popped open the glove box to make sure my contingency measure was still in place, then pulled up the address for “Coffee King.” Getting behind the wheel really calmed me down, and put my mind off of that bullshit in the lobby.

At noon on the dot, I had arrived at the café. The building was close to empty, a far cry from what it looked like just a few days earlier. The cashier, Kim, was having an engaging conversation with the woman I came here to see. Careful not to make a sound, I took a place in line right behind the rat-girl. letting her finish her conversation with her friend.

Kim gave me a smile and pointed my way, prompting Marcia to turn around.

“Hey, you!” The rat-girl’s eyes scanned me up and down. “I thought we agreed to meet at noon, trying to squeeze some more time out of me?”

“Maybe,” I flirted back. “Maybe I wanted to get out of the house a little bit, and meeting a cute girl a few minutes early seemed like the perfect excuse to do it.”

“Bringing out the silver tongue today, aren’t you? You know just the right thing to say, it amazes me.” Behind Marcia, the cashier cleared her throat. Startled, the rat-girl turned around to apologize. “Sorry, Kim, forgot you had a business to run.” She brushed my leg with her tail as she left towards the pink area. “I’ll wait for you by the table, Dom. Our lovely cashier here says this one is good luck.”

“Good luck?” I turned back to an embarrassed cashier.

“The colors for each of the tables. It’s just something silly my Papa came up with to get people coming back to the store. Has to do with folk beliefs back in his hometown.” She grabbed a pencil and notepad from next to the register. “What would you like to order?”

“A medium black coffee, and can I grab a glazed donut, too?”

“Sure thing. It’s gonna be two-fifty.” As I handed her the cash, she started whispering to me and motioning towards Marcia. “Speaking as a long-time friend, Marcy’s never gotten a lot of attention from boys in school. I know for a fact that she hasn’t had a boyfriend, like, ever, and this is the first date she’s gone on for at least a few years. It’s early, but I think she really likes you, so make sure you treat her right, OK? There’ll be hell to pay if you don’t.”

I frowned. “What do you think I look like, some kind of scumbag? I’m not going to hurt her, she’s way too sweet for that.”

“We’re on the same page, then,” said Kim, pointing towards the rat-girl’s table. “She’s waiting for you, Dominic.”

I made my way over to the table towards a smiling Marcia, her tail swishing in the air behind her. “So, first things first, congratulations on the job! You feel good to have that stress off your back?”

“Money isn’t really an issue for my Mom and I, but it feels great to get back in the rhythm of a job again. I needed the routine.”

“A rich girl, huh? I would never pin you for one.”

“What’s that supposed to mean, wise guy?” She asked, a smile growing on her face. “Is this rat not classy enough for your refined tastes, Dominic?”

“You know I didn’t mean it like that. I mean you’re approachable, and you don’t dress super extravagant or demand all this attention. You aren’t vain. I like it that way.”

“You’re just blowing smoke so you can keep me all to yourself.”

“Maybe.”

The server came out to deliver our food, and we both took a break to drink our coffee. We both decided to enjoy the silence of the shop for a little while, looking at the people passing by. After some minutes, Marcia spoke up. “You want to play the game where you see a stranger passing by and you try to make up a story about their whole life?”

“I haven’t played that game in a while, but sure.”

“Alright, I’ll start. How about…” She stared across the street with narrow eyes before pointing to a human man exiting a brick office building. “That guy. Looks like he had a rough day at work, judging by the slouch.”

I took a hard look at the businessman, drinking in every detail I could before adding my input. “His boss made fun of him today for that awful comb-over, which really bruised his ego.”

“Couldn’t have been a private comment. The poor guy must have been blasted in front of all of his colleagues. He was probably the laughingstock of the office today.”

The man fumbled with his pockets and dialed someone up on his phone. “He’s calling his wife to whine about it because she’s the only one who will listen.”

“I doubt she wants to, either. Does that look like a guy in a happy marriage to you?” She waved two fingers towards the man’s reddening face. “She’s probably laughing at him from the other end as we speak.”

I let loose a snort. “Yeah, well I doubt he’s a saint. Where do you think he was last night? Those office guys have to hold everything back; you know? He went out with a few college buddies to get drinks at the pub and unwind for once, and that shrew is probably talking his ear off for the fourth time in a month about it.”

My date started laughing. “You really think the kind of guy who comes to the office on Sunday is the same that gets shit-faced the night before?”

“Fuck!” I fumbled around trying to think of some kind of response while Marcia continued to giggle like a maniac. Her red eyes sparkled with joy as she struggled to recover composure. Another good opportunity to shamelessly flirt, in my book. “You know you have really pretty eyes right?”

She smiled and tapped her claws on the desk. “You can’t win by distracting me with flattery, Dom. Why is that schmuck coming to the office on a Sunday?”

I scratched my chin, pretending to think hard on it. “Maybe he had some work to catch up on and this was the best time for him. Or, maybe he wanted to catch a peek at the cute brown-haired rat-girl receptionist, to ask himself what if?”

“What did I say about flirting?”

I raised my hands. “I’m just speculating about the gentleman’s life. Tell me I’m not playing by the rules. Your turn.”

Marcia raised her eyebrows, as if she was holding something back. “Fine, my turn. The real reason he’s upset is that the receptionist won’t notice him. She’s too busy fantasizing about the insatiable flirt with the dark hair and perfect smile talking to the other rat-girl across the road.” I felt her tail start to coil around my ankle.

“And you were giving me crap. You barely said anything about the guy!”

With a sultry look in her eyes, she said “I’m not really interested in him anymore. I found something a lot more enticing.” She pulled my leg towards her and leaned in for a kiss.

I pushed myself back lightly to avoid contact. “Marcia.”

The rat-girl opened her eyes. “What? What’s wrong.” Her cheeks grew red and her ears folded back. “Did I read something wrong? I thought we were hitting it off?”

“We were hitting it off, I just didn’t want to rush into things so fast. I’m not quite ready.”

"You’ve been flirting this whole time, I thought you wanted to.” She pouted. “You can’t just lead a girl on like that, prick!” I caught Kim staring daggers at me from behind my date.

“We just don’t know each other well enough yet. I think you’re a cool person Marcia, but I don’t kiss on a first date. How about I give you the next best thing?”

“You better.”

I stood up and offered my hand to my date, who eagerly took it. Her paw was slender and soft, but she returned a firm grip. From there, we came together in a tight hug, with my arms around her shoulders and hers around my waist.

“You smell like espresso,” I muttered.

“Really now, you sure it isn’t the pounds of coffee currently being brewed in the back room?”

“You said you spend a lot of time at Coffee King, I don’t know how long you were here this morning. Maybe you dunked your head into a pile of beans before I showed up.”

Marcia pulled back and rolled her eyes. “What am I going to do with you? Well, I guess if you want us to know more about each other, how about we give each other our surnames? I don’t want to keep you in my phone as just Dom forever. What if I find out I have a coworker named Dom and I lose track of who’s who?”

I hoped I wasn’t screwing over my chances here. If she looked me up, she could easily my mugshot, my trial, everything I’ve been disassociating myself from. It could have been over right here. But if there was anything here, it would only pay to be dishonest for so long. I’d have to give her a real name.

After a joke about being Dom with the “good hair”, I said “My full name is Dominic Manzarelli.” 

Thankfully, she didn’t seem to recognize the name, and typed it into her contacts with my number. “Manzarelli. Italian, huh?”

“Grandparents were all off the boat, yeah.”

“That makes two of us then.” she said. “My family name is Capodano.”

-----
