Where are you? You weren't totally sure. You call out, but ... no sound escaped you. You look around only to see dark swirling mist. What kind of place is this? You try to walk, only; you don't feel movement, or anything for that matter. No pressure on the bottom of your feet from gravity, no air brushing by your face when you tried to run. Were you dead? Did you die in your sleep? You try to remember anything.
 
Suddenly, a blue light blazes to life far off into the distance. In your mind was a single thought: RUN, as fast as you can towards it!
 
And you ran. You ran and ran and ran. It didn't seem to be getting any closer at first, but soon after it was! You were overjoyed until ... the light, it ... separated? You stopped in your tracks but it was still getting closer. You scream out into the darkness and tried to run from it.
 
It was getting closer, you could feel something odd from it; you weren't sure how but you could feel burning anger and desire from whatever it was. You look over your shoulder to see three blazing blue eyes that left fire trails in the darkness behind it. It's so close and you have nowhere to go.
 
You feel a force on your back and find yourself knocked down. You're able to turn over before its pinning you with two mighty, massive ... paws? A quick look shows them to be giant furred hands. You're eyes quickly travel upwards towards your captor. The same electric blue fire erupts from what would be ears on it's wolf like face. Three burning eyes meet yours, all of them glaring down at you. Veins wove through its skin and pitch black fur, pulsing with what you assumed was it's heartbeat.
 
Terrified, you look back up at this ... seven foot ... thing.
"What .. what do you want?" you choke out as you struggle.
It opens it's mouth revealing a long electric blue tongue that laps the side of your face.
"Mortal, we want you."
 
As it speaks, you can hear countless whispers and echos of a thousand souls, yet it's main voice is distinctly female.
"We see you and your light cutting through our realm like a beacon in the dark; your life force is strong enough to pierce the veil of the end, and we want it."
You feel her tongue drag across the side of your face again.
"And now, we have it."
 
 
>You awake and sit up quickly
>Holy shit that was a nightmare like no other
>You are Anon: basic, everyday human guy
>You worked at an office specializing in Anonymous personnel
>It dealt with humans randomly appearing from somewhere for whatever reason
>You shake your head and look at your clock
>6:30, about a half hour before your alarm went off
>You doubt you'd be able to get back to sleep
>Normally you shower first but you're unusually hungry
>You grab a bowl of cereal and get to eating while you listened to the traffic reports
>...
>No reported traffic on your route! Must be your lucky day
>You shower, go about your normal routine but as you get out and walk past your mirror...
>Something catches your attention out of the corner of your eye
>Quickly looking back at the mirror, all you see is your unassuming self
>You're probably still a bit jumpy from that dream...
>You head to work, the drive feeling shorter than normal due to the fall weather being clear
>The autumn leaves blew around and past your car in little tornadoes of orange and gold
>You can even drive with your windows down
>
>With such a beautiful morning, you forget your nightmare and park
>Heading into the office break room you see someone has already brewed a fresh pot of coffee
>You help yourself to a mug full
>The mug stops inches from your mouth
>You hear it
>The whispering from before
>You whip around quickly
>An anthro golden retriever behind you jumps back in surprise
>"WOAH HEY!" he yelps as he stumbles back a bit
>"Shit, sorry Ralph - you startled me" you say, concern in your voice
>"No, no, my bad! I just didn't expect you to turn that fast."
>He gets himself a cup of the coffee and laps at it
>You swear you can feel that monster blue tongue on your face again
>"Hello! Earth to Anon?"
>"Wha huh?" you say
>"You've been staring at my coffee for like 30 seconds now, you ok?" he's got a concerned look on his face
>"30 seconds?" you blinked to clear your eyes, "you just got that cup."
>His head is tilted, a confused look now replaces the one of concern from moments ago
>"You uh, you feeling ok Anon?"
>"Yeah, sure..just had a bad dream last night and I keep getting reminded of it"
>You tried to wipe the tired from your eyes with your free hand
>"Oh..." he began, a slow grin starting to form, "don't go eating pizza before bed then! That always gave me nightmares!" A quick laugh soon followed
>He walks past you, waving an arm lazily your way, "Come on, lets get to work."
>You head to your desk
>'What the fuck is going on', you half muttered between sips of coffee
>You sat down on your surprisingly comfy swivel chair, booting up your computer and setting down your mug
>Going through the motions, a list of various Anonymous soon popped up
>Your job was to help Anonymous members get their new lives on track by getting their old world's certificates
>It was surprisingly difficult actually
>Some people just made up that they were famous physicians or some shit
>One guy first said he was a theoretical physicist, then later when you asked him again he said he was theoretically a physicist
>Among other things, apparently
>Your desk phone starts to ring
>Picking it up you say "BHA certification, this is Anon."
>You hear nothing
>As you went to hang up, a voice soon speaks out
>"We havvveeeeee you" came the voice of the creature
>FUCK!
>"FUCK!" you yelled, nearly falling out of your seat
>"Hey, hey! Are you ok?" comes a woman's voice from the phone
>"...What?" you ask into the receiver
>"I asked 'Do we have anymore staples down there,' and it sounded like you had a seizure Anon."
>"Oh ... No I uh ... dropped my ... thing," you say
>Smooth.
>"Uhm, ok; DO you have staples down there?"
>"Yeah..I'll bring them right over."
>
>Throughout the day, the thing from your nightmare continued to taunt you
>Sometimes, it was little whispers and echos of the voices
>Other times, it would be a shadow behind you in the mirror that you'd only see in the corner of your eye
>By the end of the day, you're exhausted
>After a nerve wracking drive back, with you constantly looking at your various mirrors, you finally find yourself in bed; hoping you'l get a better night of sleep
 
 
You're back in the abyss. As before, it was empty with nothing in view. No beast, nor any sign of her electric blue eyes. You glance down at the formless floor, fully confirming that once again it was only you. You recall the words it spoke. You were a light in the darkness and it would be drawn to you no matter what.
 
'But this is a dream!' you pinch yourself. It hurt, but ... you aren't waking up. You slap your face. It stung quite a bit.
'FUCK IT.' You grit your teeth in preparation for what you were about to do. You bite your hand hard enough that you taste the iron in your blood as it flows into your mouth. Not even that was enough to save you from this void.
 
Your self cannibalism stops as you hear its voice cut through the darkness, surrounding you.
"This is no Dream mortal, you are in this realm and it is as real as you or us."
"LEAVE ME ALONE! I AM NOT YOUR FOOD! I REFUSE," you shout at the noise around you.
Every voice it has begins to laugh.
"We do not wish to eat you Mortal, for that would cause your light to fade. We wish to drink of it."
 
You see the electric blue lights coming to you, attracted to you like a moth to the flame. You turn, and run as fast as you can.
'If I can keep away from it until i wake up I'll be ok,' you rapidly think. 'This cant be real, things like that are not real, places like this aren't real!'
 
You feel its breath on the back of your neck before it pounces. The pressure of its claws on your back is there, but they aren't slicing you or cutting you. They are almost delicate in how they turn you over. Now on your back, you're picked up and the feeling of its tongue is back on your face. Nervously glancing down, you notice it's different; instead of a flat chest like before, breasts now rested against it, pitch black fur ending with grey areolas and lighter grey nipples.
 
"We wish to be free of our prison. For eons we have been trapped with nothing but our voice, until, we saw your light cutting through like a knife. We have worked ceaselessly since we saw that light to pull you here..so we can have you and use you to escape."
 
Another lick goes up your face. It's claws soon tear through your clothes like tissue and pins you down with its massive paws. You feel hot breath on your body as it licks down your chest and stops at your crotch. You try to struggle.
 
"Hey I thought you wanted my light or something," you say as you struggle in vain.
 
"We do. We want your life force and this ... thing, has it," its voices echos.
 
Its long tongue is licking your semi flaccid member. You try to will it to stay down but of course it doesn't listen. A long warm tongue laps at your now erect member. "You will be ours."
You could almost see a grin.
 
 
>You shudder awake
>What the fuck is going on x2
>You rub your face and feel..wetness
>A look at your hand reveals a bloody bite mark on it too
>No...
>You must've done that in your sleep, not the dream!
>That was nothing but a dream!
>You shake yourself up and awake
>You get up to shower and clean the bite mark on your hand with some hydrogen peroxide
>You feel awful and decide to call in sick
>"Yeah, I must've eaten something and gotten food poisoning," you tell your boss
>Maybe a day of video games and relaxing will help
>Your hand cleaned and bandaged, you turn on your computer and wait for it to boot up
>Hitting the power, you are greeted with a dark screen
>Tapping a few keys, you glance back up
>The beast is there, look back, that grin still there on it's wolfish muzzle
>You shake your head and look again
>Just you
>Are you going crazy?
>...
>Were you already crazy?
>... Maybe you should lay back down...
>NO!
>Your non bandaged hand slams down
>Its waiting for you there
>No..it cant be waiting for you. Its not real
>You look at the covered bite mark on your hand
>Could it be..?
>Thinking back, its no weirder than your job is.
>You help people who literally appear from some other dimension, or something
>A small thought enters your mind
>'... Maybe it could be talked to?'
>
>You go online to a paranormal board asking for general advice and about it
>Unsurprisingly, most posts are troll answers
>There's the usual "kill yourself to make it stop"
>But one poster..makes sense
>"This thing you are seeing is probably imprisoned in the abyss. It sounds like it obviously sees you as a key. You could cooperate and give it what it wants, however things are not imprisoned without reason. Be wary."
>Great, so if it is real, its going to escape it's prison and what? 1000 years of darkness or something
>Throughout the day you browse various boards and play video games, because you weren't going to pass up a day to do that
>Booting one up causes your screen to darken
>Even there, you see it out of the corner of your eyes
>It's whispers leak through every speaker in your house if you lose focus
>But you simply ignore it
>Fuck this thing!
>As you lay down to sleep you're filled with determination to end this
 
 
You awake in the now familiar place that is the abyss. Instead of calling or running, you sit down and wait. It will come to you and hopefully you can talk to it.
 
Before long you see the electric blue flames racing towards you.
"Mortal, why do you not run? We do enjoy a good chase," its voice echos through the void.
 
"I want to know what you are and what is going on," you call out to it.
 
"Curious..." is it's response. It slowly lumbers to you, looking down with its eyes blazing their blue majesty.
"We are Devaki. This is our prison, not for what we have done, but rather what we did not."
 
"What is it you didn't do Devaki?" You ask it calmly.
 
It..she ... sits before you. You swear her breasts have gotten bigger...
"We refused to war. We do not enjoy killing as our kin do, the slaughter of many sickens us. As punishment for my refusal to war against the mortal realm, I was banished here for eternity ... until I saw you. You bring back our drained strength simply by being hear, but we need more."
 
You pause to think about what she told you. It refused to kill, and for some reason you believed what she said. This place is a prison and an excellent one at that. No bars, no walls - but nothing else either. It would drive a normal person mad.
 
Its been slowly inching its way closer to you, through small short crawls; like a dog trying to get closer to a fire on a cold night.
You move to stand.
 
Shes on you, pinning you down with one paw. You see her other one slowly snake it's way to your shirt.
"We want you to run next time, we enjoy the sport after these years of loneliness. But first..." A claw gently tears through your clothes. "We wish for a taste of your light."
 
You feel her long blue tongue run down your body before focusing on your cock once again. It wraps around your shaft and slides up and down softly.
"Such an odd thing," she murmurs, somehow speaking without her tongue. Her tongue, similar to the blue color that it is sends electric shivers up your body as she pumps her tongue up and down faster, making it writhe against your erection. Her hot breath on you and eager desire for you is overwhelming. She removes her paw that was pinning you and instead starts rubbing it down your chest.
 
"You are more resilient than our kind," she ... moans? "Give us what we we wish; to drink deep of your life force and light!"
 
Her tongue wraps tighter and moves faster, pushing you over the edge. You erupt into her awaiting mouth and onto the tongue painting it white, while her tongue continues to coil and squeeze your shaft making sure to milk out every drop.
 
"Mmmmmm," she lightly growls, her frame starting to fall onto you, "your light is bliss to us."
 
>Your eyes snap open, trying to process everything
>Did you just receive the best blowjob of your life from a dream demon in a prison of darkness?
>..
>Huh. Dream semen demon
>One groggy mental high five later, you wonder what she would do if she regained her full power
>She said she disliked violence and yet ... wanted to chase you?
>Well, she was probably bored ... you know you would be
>You quickly remember her various appearances
>...Maybe she had been watching you for a while now
>Your head swims with every single spaghetti moment and time you had played the one armed bandit dance
>Was your life simply like a sitcom for her?
>You aren't sure at first, but could you possibly catch glimpses into her's?
>An idea comes to mind. A crazy one, but...
>A quick dash later and you're already sitting at your computer desk
>You boot it on and turn your speaker volume all the way up
>"Can you hear me Devaki? Are you watching me?" you slowly say
>You hear nothing
>Wait ...
>Faint whispers start to leak through
"yes"
>You almost missed it, but you definitely heard it
>holy shit
>"HOLY SHIT"
>You had to tell someone! You had to talk to ... someone
>Wait,
>What would you even tell them?
>"Hey I have a friendly demon who visits me in my dreams, sucks me off and talks to me through my speakers?"
>You'd get the loony bin faster than a neckbeard lasts in bed
>...still, you don't have work today
>You go back to the forum and tell them there
>The majority don't believe you
>Many ask for proof
>Now how could you do that
>..
>Oh!
>You disconnect the Aux cable from the speakers and turn it around to show its not plugged in
>"Devaki, can you say hello to me?"
"... hello mortal ..."
>Maybe you should tell her your name
>You play the video on your phone
>Its audible but barely
>You upload the clip and wait
>The thread explodes into a whirlwind of autistic fits
>Its almost a visible spectrum of autism
>Most of it is useless banter of "Fake", "kill yourself", and your favorite: "video killed the radio star"
>Through it all, once again only one seems to see and understand
>"You say she gains power simply by being near you, right? Perhaps she isn't a violent spirit then. There are indeed many who are not, but what is its end goal aside from freeing itself?"
>You could ask her now it seems
>"my name is Anon, when you free yourself..what will you do?"
"....anon...we do not know...."
>Ok. Well you were going to have to figure that out
>"How do I see you in my ... realm?"
"...through darkness and reflections...
>You don't really remember ever bothering to turn on most of your lights, so you look into the closest mirror
>There she is, watching you
>Its like the mirror is a window into her realm
>You feel like you could reach in and grab her
>Could you?
>You reach to her, only to have her padded hand clink against the mirror
>Her mouth opens
".....hahahaha....we do not possess enough strength to cross the void"
>There's about 10 second delay, before she slowly retracts it back
>What do you do now
>You're a sitcom to a demon
>Fuck it, might as well enjoy your day off
>You spend your day lazing around in the dark, Devaki watching you intently and asking you about what your doing
>Night falls as you sit on your bed
"your realm is....interesting.. you are interesting"
>"What do you mean?"
"our realm was of torment and pain and darkness, comfort was weakness, mating was painful ... we hated it"
>Was her realm what we could call hell?
"yours is one of comfort and brightness.."
>"And why am I interesting?"
>She pauses, you look to the mirror to see her three eyes glowing and the fire of her ears die down a bit
"the first time you ... visited my prison you feared me, now you are willingly conversing with me"
>"The first night I thought I was in a nightmare and that you were going to eat me. I know that isn't true now; what you really want is to be free."
"...we do not with to return to our realm....we...wish to stay with you in yours.."
>What
>Could she stay here with you in your realm, er, your home
>Could you get her cleared bureaucratically?
>You were thinking about the paperwork you would have to fill out
>Occupation: Dream demon
>Species: Dream demon
>Prior world : Hell
>Gender : female
>Eye color : blue
>Fuck it you would overcome that later
>"Uhh, sure Devaki, why not"
"if you allow it we will be bonded for eternity Mortal, it will require our bonding: your light and our dark to mix, and you to pull us through"
>Bonded for life...
>Wait ... for eternity?
>"Eternity? How would that work? I'll die eventually."
"you will not, you will simply shed your mortal form and become my incubus, both your light and our dark will mix"
>"So I die and become a demon of light?"
"i do not understand this term 'demon,' Anon"
>You explain to her what it means
"hmm ... yes, this is a accurate description of us, and you would become that when you shed your mortal form"
>Neat
>"Do you still want me to run?"
"yes... we want a chase.. we wish for sport"
>"Alright," you say with a smile
>You lay down in bed
>"See you soon."
>You drift off to sleep
 
 
You sit up. Time to go. Run. You start sprinting in a random direction. Soon after, you can feel her presence behind you, gaining speed. You know shes enjoying it, a small feeling of elation starting to form within you as well. You might not be the fastest person in the world but you could keep a pace for awhile. You look over your shoulder and see those three eyes leaving burning trails of light, her long tongue lolling out and her mouth twisted into what you hope was a smile. Its not long before she pounces on you and pins you down, once again gently turning you over and this time sits on you.
"That was a good chase, thank you Anon." She licking your face again.
 
You smile up at her. "So what do we need to pull you into my world Devaki?" Her tongue finally gives pause.
 
"We must become a mated pair." A soft wag of her tale shifted her slightly on you. Now that you think about it, you hadn't actually looked between her legs, mostly out of politeness and a potentially healthy dose of fear. Looking down now, however, you see her slit grinding on you gently.
 
"We must be joined, then our essence will become one". The grinding gets a little faster.
 
You nod at her and you rub her long thighs gently.
 
"And then I can pull you into my world and free you?" you ask calmly.
 
Her echos and whispers bore into your head. "Yes Anon," a long tongue runs up and down your dace once more.
 
You're sitting up as you pull your shirt off and then rub her thighs more. The demonic lap dance oddly brought a question to your mind. "Are you sure this is what you want? Aren't there other 'realms?' We could go anywhere." Your question falls on deaf ears as her look of contentment grows as quickly as the pressure on your groin.
 
Through it all, you tried to take a moment to think about your world. You never really bothered with the people or the anthros that you knew. You didn't even really seem to form a connection with any of them either. Especially when considering them as potential dates. For some reason though, this demon scaroused you, and despite that she seems like she would be devoted to you. The grinding slowed down a bit, and as she looked at you, you think you knew what her question was. In no time at all, you had your answer.
 
"I'm sure Devaki."
Seconds pass, her motions entirely stopped. A flash of understanding soon sparks within her, and furiously starts grinding harder on you while she licks up and down your body one more time. "Then you need to lose your garments so we may begin our bonding".
 
You made a move to pull off your pants under all that pressure.
"Not going to rip them this time?" you say with a smirk.
 
"We could tear them if you want," was her response.
 
You're suddenly a bit nervous; you have had sex before but ... this is a 7 foot demon. How could you do anything to please her? As you look at her you see a feral ... something in her eyes. She pushes you back down, her arms keeping yours to your sides. Shes on you grinding and panting. "We NEED this, we NEED YOU."
Shes grinding on your erection harder before forcing it into her wetness. "YESSSSSS WE NEED YOU."
 
She fully leans her weight on you and begins to piston herself up and down on you. No foreplay, no working up to it: just carnal feral desire. She pounds hard onto you, and you're suddenly reminded at the lack of a floor. But that fact didn't matter - her walls burn hot with desire and writhe around your member. Her tongue is lolling out as she pounds hard against you. She soon lets out a roar.
"GIVE. IT. TO. US!" An almost carnal howl escapes the voices all around you. Breathing raggedly she slumps onto you pressing her large tits into your face. "You are too much for us to handle," she whines.
 
Your turn to dominate now.
 
With unknown strength you roll her onto her back, and wrap your arms under hers. With your new position stable, you soon thrust deep into her and return the favor hard into her pussy. She wanted fast, you were going to give it to her. Her muzzle starts to open, showing more and more teeth.
 
"ANON WE. ARE. GOIN-"
She lets out another beastly roar, louder than before, with fire from her ears spewing out in brilliant blue jets and her normally bright eyes closed shut. You didn't have time to cover your ears, the sensation from her walls clamping down HARD pushed you over the edge. You paint her insides white with your light.
 
 
>You wake up trembling
>You look at your hands and see your veins glowing blue and pulsing
>Power, strength like you've never known
"...Anon.."
>Her voice echos not through the speakers but from within you clearer than ever before
"The mirror, pull us through."
>You stand up and go to the mirror and see her
>Devaki
>You reach to the mirror and ...
>Your hand goes through it
>She grips your hand with her paw and you pull with your newfound might
>The world around you is cracking
>The wall around the mirror forms fractures as if reality itself is shattering.
>You're sure if you moved the mirror, the tears would follow
>You keep pulling, straining against the glass
>It all shatters
>Devaki is on top of you, in your room
"WE ARE FREE."
>Fire Blazes out of her ears
"ANON WE ARE BONDED! CAN YOU FEEL IT."
>You feel stronger than ever
>Her power is yours and your light is hers
>The torn spider web of reality slowly reforms
>You look in the mirror and see your eyes are now the same electric blue as hers
>"We will be together forever," you say with a smile
"Yes, we will"
 
>Its been 3 weeks Since you pulled Devaki into your room
>The paperwork was surprisingly easy to fill out and get her legal
>You're sitting on your couch and shes next to you wearing a pink sweater
>She said she hates the cold
>You put and arm around her and pull her to you
>You still didn't know much about her but you had all the time in the world