
A Central Suburban Breeze
Genwyn Chisholm

	The sounds of road noise from passing cars, busy pedestrians walking with haste and the ever constant low hum produced by small apartments and densely packed businesses is muffled through the glass of an ordinary Denny's. Standing out for being a bit small, with a parking lot that's never been full and seating to match, the restaurant displays its vibrant yellow trim to the surrounding walls of aged brick and concrete. Outside the weather is a bit chilly, slightly breezy and a bit cloudy. Overwhelmingly average and mundane in every aspect. Behind this window inside is a small German Shepherd girl enjoying her late lunch after work. She sits by herself quietly in a four person booth, one of only a few patrons left in the building after the earlier lunch rush had passed. She takes her time to relax and enjoy those subtle sights and sounds through the adjacent window. Her ears and tail relaxed, she bites into a slice of her dish of grilled chicken and rice, following it with a sip of black coffee. But as she sits with her eyes barely open enjoying the slow and quiet restaurant she catches a glimpse of a man in the booth next to hers looking at her.
	She is used to getting weird looks, she's not the most common of anthros in the world. Distinctly more animal-like than most, her stature and appearance stand out for as much as she tries to hide herself. Not all looks are unpleasant, in fact that would be quite a rarity, but many people are inquisitive of her looks compared to the more humanoid of anthros commonly found in the city and suburbs. This German Shepherd girl is whats known in this world as a half anthro. With a parental combination of a full anthro and sapient quadruped, she inherits the traits of both. While remaining bipedal and overall humanoid, she loses feet-paws in exchange for more dog-like paws, while most anthros are plantigrade, she is digitigrate, and while humanoid hands are most common, she has hand pawpads and claws. It goes beyond her physical appearance with such gifts as better senses of sight and smell, greater articulation of her ears and tail. The only true downfall is that she is naturally colorblind. To her much of herself is her downfall, she doesn't want to think why this random human is staring at her, but he is smiling for some unknown reason. She opens her eyes a little more to check and see what the man is doing, he's giving her a slight wave begins to walk over to her.
	"Hi, may I sit with you?"
	"Why?" is all the woman can respond, "wait, sorry that sounds rude. Yes, if you would like."
	The man sits down across from her with his own cup of coffee and introduces himself as Robert, likewise the German Shepherd girl states her name as Nicole. He offers out his hand as a handshake to which Nicole reciprocates, reluctantly in her head, quickly in action. She still has the same question as before,
	"Though I am still thinking, it's nice to meet you but I'm wondering why you wanted to sit with me here?"
	"I haven't seen anyone like you before and I wanted to introduce myself and meet you."
	"Do you mean you've never seen a German Shepherd before?" she asks inquisitively, surely the human had seen other German Shepherds and similar anthros in this city before. 
	"No, I mean just..." Robert holds both his hands out to gesture towards her form sitting in the booth, "you look different, I haven't seen any anthro with your features since I recently moved into the neighborhood."
	"And in what way are you interested in my 'features', you mean my legs and hands?" she now seemed almost suspicious of the intentions of Robert sitting across from her.
	"Well, yeah," the human straightens himself out, "you look really interesting to me. Can you tell me about why you look different?"
	Nicole looks at him and gives him a sort of embarrassed, sly smile. One of discomfort, followed by an awkward short chuckle. 
	"I'm sorry, that sounded extremely rude after I said it."
	"No, no, that's a nicer way of saying it than others have said before. What do you want to know?"
	"Ok, well, why are you legs bent and why do you have full on paws?"
	"I'm a half anthro, I'm not the same genetically as full anthros. I'm also not exactly looked upon with endearing eyes often for it, so pardon my reluctance in this conversation."
	"I don't mean anything like that, I like the way you look and just had to ask and know more."
	Nicole smiles a little, and while not very visible, she blushes slightly. Relieved that Robert was not just planting himself in her booth to be a bother and belittle her, Robert collects his lunch from the waitress who is confused at his booth swapping, then they continue their conversation. Nicole explains the basic idea behind half anthros and how they come into existence. They're not particularly common because sapient quadrupeds are not commonly, nor do they normally inhabit more populated places, let alone interact with others beyond their own. She talks about her legs and how digitigrade has its advantages but also has many disadvantages, explaining things such as her car which is modified to have a sliding accelerator instead of a regular pedal, because without a heel she cant really apply gradual pressure to a pedal. She doesn't know how to ride a bike, and shoes are pretty much nonexistent for her, at best in the harsher days of winter she wears special boots but otherwise doesn't have any footwear. Not that anyone seems to care, though some convenience stores had asked her to leave in the past under their no shirt, no shoes, no service policy.  The human grasps onto every word and continues his chains of questions through their entire lunch, which Nicole is more than happy to answer for him, someone who wasn't just asking to make fun of her. 
	Lunch is slowly eaten by both, the meal had slowed down and both had stopped asking for refills of their coffee. The conversation slows as well as Nicole has to stop herself before getting into more sensitive topics. The human still wants to know more, and asks her one final question.
	"Before we go, would you want to meet up again here sometime?"
	"I mean, sure, that would be nice. What time and day?" Nicole struggles to keep her excitement in check as she discovers Robert wants to meet again.
	"If your schedule permits it, how about the same time next week? So it's still quiet."
	"That works for me," she takes out a phone and stylus and marks a date on her calendar, "I don't have to work that day either so I can show up a little more presentable."
	"Great, we'll call it a date."
	"A date?"
	"Well it doesn't have to be a date, it can just be new friends meeting or even just acquaintances if you prefer." the human slowly backpedals.
	"No," the struggle to suppress the excitement becomes even harsher, "No, I like the idea of the date."
	Nicole goes to grab her bill only for it to quickly be snatched out her hand by Robert, who ignores her resulting stare.
	"You don't have to do that..." she is quickly cut off by Robert.
	"Nonsense, you treated me to a wonderful conversation, I will at the very least treat you to your lunch. What kind of person would I be if i didn't?"
	He tucks his card between both of the restaurants billfolds and hands it to the waitress when she passes by moments later. Nicole begins fumbling through a pocket to pull out cash for a tip at least but is beaten to it by Robert, who's already placed a ten dollar bill on the table and stood up out of the booth. She smiles, but looks at him with a glare of humorous defeat otherwise. Robert gives her a small wave as he walks towards the entrance of the building, Nicole gives the same, still maintaining the same expression. Defeated in her endeavors to spend her own money, she finishes off what remains in her coffee cup and stands up as well to make her leave. Giving a farewell to the waitress she sees so often, receiving an almost giddy goodbye as response, which Nicole did not understand at first but realized later on that the waitress she sees a few times a week finally saw her not eating alone. She gets into her car in the parking lot, starts it, and leaves the quiet Denny's towards her home.
	The car pulls up out front of an old brick apartment building, lined by more on either side. Nicole turns off the car and gets out before locking it and walking up the concrete steps, through the plain metal door and into the landing of the compact apartment complex. She walks up the rough, grated metal stairs to the second story, where at the top of the stairs the door to her home resides. She unlocks the deadbolt with a loud clunk and swings it open outwards, walks through and closes it behind her, following with re-locking the heavy deadbolt. She puts her keys into the bowl next to the door and takes off her jacket, hanging it up on the wall. Through the entryway her father is taking a nap on the sofa, the television still quietly playing the days news, a solitary bottle of beer on the coffee table in front of him. Nicole feels that slight tinge of shame for someone else. As far as lazy fathers go, Nicole's father was far from the top of the list, but he consistently struggled in his life and frequently had come back to stay with Nicole for a while every few months for the past 7 years. Every time he repeats the same cycle, finds a job, finds a woman, finds a place to stay. Then he loses all three and comes back. Part of her thinks that maybe he just enjoys living that way somehow. She prefers not to dwell on such thoughts, at least he tries.
	Nicole remains excited though, meeting Robert was quite the experience. He seemed genuinely interested in her and had left almost no pause between questions the entire time they ate. Just a random encounter with a friendly person, that's quite the rarity in a place like this, and for a person like her. She had a week and no phone number, which was a sudden harsh realization. What if she needed to contact him before they met up? Concerns over a lack of communication built, before she calmed herself down. This was not anything serious yet, they had a time and a date and a place and that's all either of them really needed for now. There was not going to be any late night texting and cheesy questions, she didn't want to throw herself into a relationship too fast. But still she did know that this likely was going to play out beyond just a person to casually chat to, the prospect of which was both frightening and a new, unique experience she looked forward to. With not much to do until she made herself a late dinner, Nicole began her daily grooming routine, as she did every day and had been doing for many years by this point. The clothes come off and the bathroom door is shut and locked.
	She stands in front of the mirror for a moment to assess her figure. She looks at her legs and paws and imagines what she would look like with taller plantigrade legs. She sighs and opens a drawer for a pair of small scissors. She can never bring herself to go further than the daily upkeep, but she trims her larger sections of fluff and fur to keep them neat and tidy. The whole time thinking of how she would look with no neck or chest fluff, or thin and short cut fur. The scissors are put away and she starts the shower with warm water before climbing in, on the shelves are a dozen different shampoos and conditioners meant for her specific fur type, she chooses several and lathers her fur up before rinsing in a cycle for each. The shampoo dries her skin, so she uses a hydrating wash as well to compensate. The hydrating wash damages her coat, so she uses a coat restorer to fix that. And the coat restorer doesn't smell that great, so she uses a nice scented conditioner to mask the smell of the other soaps and her natural scent. The leaves the shower matted and damp and begins the tedious process of drying her fur, nearly half an hour of towels, combs and a hair dryer result in a perfectly preened, silky smooth and good smelling coat for the night and another day. She debates upsetting her grooming schedule to be present for Robert, fresh as if she had just left the shower. She had just finished her shift when they met, and while she definitely didn't smell like she had been sweating all day, she knew that she definitely didn't smell of the conditioner she liked. She makes the decision that this man Robert likely didn't care, and that she would only be doing it for herself.
	Dry and clean, Nicole cleans up the bathroom and leaves it with the lights off, moving across the hall to her own bedroom, where she tosses her dirty clothes into a hamper and rummages through her closet to find an outfit for tomorrow. All of her clothes are very similar. Sweater or long shirt, maybe a collared overshirt to go on top, knee length skirt and shorts for underneath. She didn't have much of a chest to justify a bra, and finding digitigrade pants was a rarity, nor would they be particularly comfortable. All of her skirts had to have the buttons on the back to snap together around a tail, so she wouldn't be potentially lifting her skirt up for the random passerby. Something she had to learn to deal with was not full control over her tail, unlike most anthros, her tail sometimes had a mind of it's own and would respond to emotion out of Nicole's control. So while she had that better control over it otherwise, if she gets excited then there's no stopping it. 
	With her outfit selected for tomorrow she puts it out on a fold out table and returns to the closet for her choice of sleepwear, a particularly long tee shirt with a button added to the bottom of the back to close around a tail. She puts this on and closes up the closet before falling back into her bed to think. She lays there for quite some time, thinking about her day. It was a rather bland workday, she got her paycheck and followed her same routine as she always does. Meeting Robert definitely shook up that routine though, she just stared at the ceiling and thought of him for a while. He seemed like a nice guy who found her interesting, part of her doubted that he was interested in a proper relationship, but he seemed friendly enough that they could maybe form a regular friendship. He was obviously casually flirting with her through the meal, but in front of that were genuine questions, and he presented himself in genuinely interested in her for reasons other than being curious. Oh well, she had a week until her anxiety over the matter would be either fully quelled or enhanced into a new form of stress. She lays there on the bed for a while longer, listening to the subtle buzz of the electric motor in the ceiling fan, the heating radiator ever so quietly ticking, and the muffled sounds of the neighborhood outside. She could smell someone not just in the building, but down the street was making hamburgers. For now she takes a short nap in the cooling glow of a gray sky bleeding through the half closed curtains onto her bed. When the sun set she would start her dinner and see if her father wanted any, or maybe she would just go pick up some burgers from the grease diner at the end of the street.
	The rest of the following week goes by normally. The entire time the ever present anticipation for meeting Robert again grows, the whole time Nicole thinks of topics to talk about with the man, because while she had explained a lot of herself, he had not described his own life too much. She has to keep reminding herself that she will talk to him when she talks to him, and for now there's not much she can do. Constantly thinking about this is only going to stress her out. She had spent all night and day at work preparing for this meet up with Robert and she didn't know what to expect or how to even begin. She had on her nicer daily clothing, a white skirt and matching baggy shirt with a turquoise cardigan over it, a small copper chain necklace as an accessory, her long head hair kept back in hair clips and fur meticulously trimmed. A little bit more flair than usual, and her coworkers seemed to notice. Awkward water cooler talk about Nicole's impending date had to be shut down repeatedly with affirmations that she doesn't know much yet. But of course she must be as presentable as possible. Though she did decide against upsetting her grooming schedule in order to take a shower and such before going to meet Robert again, and instead opted to carry a tiny bottle of perfume in her pocket, just for her own comfort in her scent. She finishes up the end of her shift and clocks out, leaving her desk at the warehouse and all but skips out the front door of the building towards her parked car. She gets in and makes a beeline for her destination, Denny's.
	It's now exactly 2pm, as she did many days before and will presumably do many more times in the future, Nicole takes her usual booth seat in the quiet Denny's and shares pleasantries with the waitress, requesting her usual order of chicken and rice, but on a little delay. Robert had yet to show up anywhere but such precision is not everyone strong suit. Though as a parallel thought there was that wave of concern over the lack of his presence. Nicole couldn't help but to think that maybe he really wasn't interested and was not going to show. Maybe he had lied to her, maybe he thinks he made a mistake. She had already gone through an entire cup of coffee without noticing, her tongue and mouth burning had gone unnoticed. She sat there and waited on her order straight faced and nervous. The thoughts were quickly quelled as a familiar figure opened the door of the Denny's and the waitress up front directed him back towards Nicole, it was Robert, only a few minutes later than their planned time. A rush of relief falls over her and her expression quickly changes to a happy smile and unruly tail swishing on the seat. She gives him a hello as a greeting and he sits down, the waitress comes over to take his order and pour him a cup of coffee, he adds his sugar and cream and then the conversation begins.
	They start small, how their last week had been, small nuisances throughout the days and short rants about annoying, loud neighbors. Nicole prys into him a bit to learn more about Robert. He's an entry level graphic designer and works for a small firm not too far in the area, he had moved here only a few months ago and wasn't really acquainted with the city suburbs yet, nor the other humans and anthros there. As the friendly chit chat dwindles, more serious subjects come into play.
	"I have to ask what it is you like about me so much."
	"I think you're cute," Robert says with an almost smug smile, "if you want me to be a bit blatant about it."
	"Most of my life up until recently had been spent around very few anthros, and especially not any who look quite like you do."
	"You come off as friendly and inviting, and getting to talk to you only furthers that."
	Nicole's tail has given up with the swishing and is now all but begging to be released from the confines of the booth. She sheepishly rests an arm on it and continues drinking her coffee.
	"Things like that," he says, pointing in the general direction of her tail, "I've never seen that and I find it adorable, pardon my patronizing tone."
	"No, I appreciate it as a compliment, I've never had anyone mention it in a polite context before."
	"What do you mean?"
	"Well my 'type' of sorts is generally looked down upon here, a lot of people look at me like any other anthro but when I do things like that they think I'm just being awkward..."
	"I'm not particularly fond of those parts of myself."
	"Why?" Robert seemed confused.
	"Well I used to get made fun of often for it, school was just a disaster if im being frank. And it's not just one thing like that individually, it's a lot of my physical appearance and body language I'm really not comfortable with at times."
	"Well you shouldn't be, who cares what other people think of you?"
	"It's not that easy..."
	"I know, I'm sorry, I might be pushing into difficult territory to talk about."
	"No," Nicole goes straight faced again, "it's uhh, it's nice to talk about it sometimes. Just to vent a little, I don't get to talk about that often."
	The waitress comes out with their meals and places them down, refills their coffee and leaves, giving Nicole a quick smile. They dig in and sit in silence for a little while, enjoying their food. The conversation resumes but on a much more casual note. Nicole explains her job and living situation, her fathers general struggles and notes the loss of her mother some years ago. She lives in a more poor neighborhood out of choice, cheap rent and mainly old people living around there. She talks about her hobbies of modifying her clothes and making sweaters and dresses in her free time, as well as her half finished education with a degree on hold. Robert talks a bit more about his family life and where he's from, a much more rural type of town to the west and an equally rural family, he doesn't have any kind of formal degree though worked his way into this graphic design position. Through the conversation and meal Nicole notices Robert glancing at her outfit every so often. She mentions it and he asks,
	"I notice you dressed up a little bit for our lunch."
	"Yeah, I felt like I needed to make myself look a little better."
	"You look even prettier than the first time if its any credit to your choice of outfit."
	Once again Nicole's tail returns to a faster pace, and if it were visible she would be blushing over the compliment.
	"Thank you, it is a bit more than I would usually want to wear, though my normal style is much similar. I cant really wear more laid back clothing."
	"Why is that?"
	"Well it's the legs thing and dense fur and such, digitigrate pants are hard to find and really expensive, they're also the opposite of comfortable."
	"So there aren't exactly uhh," she pauses for a moment to think, "many clothing choices I can wear without causing problems."
	"Hmm." is all Robert offers in response.
	The meal is concluded and the waitress takes away their plates, once again Robert goes to pay for the meal to the sounds of Nicoles protest. The waitress sides with Robert and Nicole is left with the same expression of discontent. This time at least she managed to get out cash for a tip before he could, to which he admits defeat with raised hands and a smug grin. Before either decided to leave they quickly shared phone numbers and other contact information on the premise of setting up another date in the future, schedules on both ends were inconsistent at best for the next week and it wouldn't be wise to plan the same way as they did last. Robert stops and offers a proposition,
	"I kind of want to continue this conversation, the more serious aspects about you."
	"What would you say to a tour of my place and a movie there before dinner?"
	Nicole doesn't know what to say at first.
	"Nothing serious otherwise, I promise, but I want to discuss your concerns about yourself in a more private setting than a Denny's, if you would be willing to talk about that of course."
	"I don't know," Nicole thinks for a moment, "that's not the most fun of topics to talk about if we're being honest. I don't think you'd want to finish a date off with me complaining about my problems."
	"Nah, it's part of you and I want to learn about you, if we are going to continue these meetings we have to get the more serious conversation out of the way before coming to such a public place..."
	"Okay, I am just going to warn you though that I absolutely hate cheesy romance movies, and I swear if this is some ploy to get into my pants you will need a proper movie."
	Robert laughs, "No, nothing like that, we'll have to see what movies I have though."
	Robert shares directions to his apartment, Nicole quickly notes them down on her phone, after Robert gets his card back from the waitress they leave in tandem to their cars. Robert leaves first and Nicole follows behind him into his neighborhood.
	While driving to Roberts place Nicole is once again thinking that maybe she's being played. Maybe Robert has just been flirting with her to get her into his bed, maybe he just has some weird fetish for half anthros or something. Regardless of his intentions, that wouldn't be happening tonight, he would need to know a lot more about her before anything like that. They connect and they can talk openly to eachother after only this short time, but Nicole did not want to really expose herself to another person like that. There is a nagging issue of her physiology that only adds to her concerns over her appearance, knowing that very few people would seek out such a thing as her. She follows Robert to an equally underwhelming apartment building as her own, though at least his has a proper parking garage. They pull into it and park next to eachother, getting out of the car Robert directs her towards the door to a staircase which they both climb up to the 4th floor, where his apartment is. He opens the door to his apartment and welcomes her inside. It's far from extravagant, Ikea furniture and the telltale signs of a bachelor who can't decorate litter the room. There's a fake plant in every corner and a desktop computer set up on a folding card table.
	Robert gives her the tour around the place, the living room is pretty bland but consists of a nice tweed sofa and loveseat set facing a glass coffee table and wall mounted television. The dining room has been left with nothing more than a breakfast table and three chairs that didn't match, the kitchen was mostly empty besides a small clock. Directing her down the hall there's a small storage room currently filled with empty furniture boxes and his own moving boxes, across from there is a bathroom which had been decorated in cheap wal-mart aesthetic. He peeks through a door into the last room, his bedroom, which features a large mattress covered in blankets, an unmade bed. In this room is also a dresser and walk in closet among a table and bookshelves of belongings. Overall rather sparse and still in the process of being filled in, Robert apologizes for nearly every stop in the tour, saying he really would've cleaned up the place a bit if he had bothered to plan the visit. Nicole has to keep mentioning that she doesn't care if it's messy, it feels like a home and not a display. Walking back to the living room she sits down on the sofa and Robert goes to the kitchen to get some drinks while Nicole tracks down a movie on the television. Robert mentions he only has a few streaming services set up and doesn't have cable yet. Not a concern, Nicole finds an old sci-fi flick and prepares it to play when Robert returns to the living room with two glasses of water. 
	The conversation begins humorously,
	"So, bring me here for 'Netflix and chill' or something?"
	Robert once again laughs, "Well that wasn't the intention, I do genuinely want to talk to you about why you find yourself uncomfortable with your traits."
	Nicole begins with a shrug and a sigh, "Well it's just been a problem for a very long time."
	"I'm not really normal in the eyes of other anthros or humans, and most people don't really like the things that make me different."
	"And subsequently, 'I' don't like the things that make me different."
	"My legs and paws, I can't ever wear cute shoes, at best if it's snowing hard I can wear some loose boots which are a pain to walk in."
	"Some people think that's the same as going barefoot everywhere, which it is and it is also a problem, streets and sidewalks are far from clean."
	"I have to groom, a lot, just to keep myself presentable and making sure I don't smell like dog."
	"I noticed," the human interjected, "you do wear a lot of perfume."
	"Well it's not because I want to, it's because I have to."
	"It's just a lot of things like that."
	Nicole sinks into the sofa a bit and takes another sip of water. Her tail rests still as she stares at the floor in silence for a moment before regaining her composure.
	"I'm sorry, that got a little too serious."
	"Don't be," Robert leans forward, "I don't think you should be ashamed of yourself like that."
	"I think you're really pretty because of those things."
	Nicole grins a little and responds, 
	"That means a lot Robert, I rarely hear such things, much more often I hear the opposite."
	"Well anyone who would say those kinds of mean things to you is an asshole," Robert lets out a quiet, short laugh, "think about the kinda insecure person who would berate somebody else for how they were born."
	"I'm no psychologist, I can't sit here and deduce all your problems, all I can say is that those people are dicks and I think you're beautiful."
	Nicole perks up at hearing the end of that sentence, and immediately leans into him on the sofa, tail swishing on it at speed. Robert wraps an arm around her and leans in himself. He feels a solitary tear fall from the face of the German Shepherd girl pressed against him and uses his hand on her shoulder to gently stroke her hair. They just sit there together on the sofa for a while before Nicole gets the remote and presses play on the movie she queued up. They watch in silence as Robert continues to pet her gently, before he gets an idea.
	"Hey, how do you feel about doing something kind of odd?"
	"Hmm?" Nicole responds angling her eyes up at him.
	"Would you want to show me yourself?"
	"What do you mean by 'show me yourself'?"
	"You are uncomfortable with your body, I want to see it and call every part of it beautiful."
	"I don't know Robert, that's a bit heavy for a second date, don't you think?" Nicole responds with the tone of uncertainty in her voice.
	"We don't have to do anything serious, but I want to see you if you're willing. We can wait til whenever you feel like it for anything further than that."
	"Robert, I don't know if you'd be accepting of what you see."
	"Why wouldn't I?"
	"We're not fully... compatible, Robert. Not physically."
	"I kinda thought about that if I'm being honest with you, but you shouldn't be concerned about something like that with me."
	"I don't know..." Nicole still remains on the fence over the matter.
	"If you don't want to that's more than fine with-"
	"You know what, fuck it, there's no point in hiding anything like this." Nicole abruptly cuts Robert off.
	Nicole un-nestles herself and lowers the volume on the TV before standing up in front of him. Robert asks one more time,
	"Are you sure? You don't have to if you don't want to..."
	"No, I need to do this if not for you, certainly for myself."
	Standing there she takes a deep breath, and slowly exhales. Nicole begins to undress herself as Robert stands up, first she removes the necklace she wore this morning as a bit of extra flair. Following comes the cardigan. She pauses for a moment before gently removing the baggy shirt underneath to reveal her flat chest, and the large tufted section of long fur from her neck that makes an arrow shape down. Nicole bends over forward and begins to pull down the sports shorts underneath her skirt, steps out of one side and then the other, before picking them up and placing them gently on the shirt and cardigan on the sofa. Her heart beats intensely, the flustered expression on her face is noticeable. Robert stands and looks on with an affirming smile. She begins to unbutton the back of the modified skirt, as it breaks loose she slowly pulls it away to expose all of herself. Visible through the dense and long fur around her groin is the distinctive shape of her canine vulva. Both her and Robert stand there for a moment, she watches Roberts eyes move up and down her entire body. She awkwardly changes stance a few times and scratches her neck a little. In her head she is screaming, begging for some kind of response other than a look. It comes quietly from Roberts mouth, nearing a whisper.
	"You are absolutely beautiful."
	Nicole practically faints with the sense of relief, the response heard quickly gets her tail wagging in excitement. This is the first time anyone who had seen her fully nude had ever told her such a thing, every aspect of this man she had only recently met clicked into place. Robert loved the way she looks, and was fully accepting of her appearance, this was a whole new feeling of confidence. Robert steps forward to pull her into a loving embrace, he wraps his arms around Nicole and bends down a little to push his head into her neck fluff. Nicole as well tightly squeezes into him letting out the ever few tears of joy and relief. They hold eachother tightly for a few moments standing in the living room, Robert plants a slow kiss onto her cheek and strokes the fur on the back of her neck. Together in a loving embrace Nicole remains on the verge of tears, years of insults and stigma seemed to fade away in those moments. Robert decides to make an attempt to return to a more casual afternoon, and pulls her with him as he sits back down on the sofa.
	"We should continue our movie." Robert presses the play button on the remote but leaves the volume very low.
	"We don't have to continue the move you know..." Nicole makes an aggressive move.
	She directs Roberts hand around her side down towards her groin and slightly opens her legs on the sofa. Robert was definitely not expecting this, though he did just get her to undress in front of him a minute ago so this was definitely a possible outcome. He lets his hand be moved and begins to gently stroke the flesh beneath the rough fur between her legs.
	"You know, this wasn't the goal."
	"I know it wasn't," Nicole is struggling to think out her decisions, "but if you want to then I would greatly enjoy it."
	Robert takes his cue and slips a finger into the German Shepherd girl tucked into his side, with a resulting huff and muffled whine escaping her. He slowly increases his pace, alternating between gentle petting strokes and inserting a finger or two to probe his way around. There was the sudden issue that he didn't really know canine anatomy that well, and wasn't sure exactly where he should be feeling around. This continues for only a brief few moments before he finds what he's looking for, indicated by a shudder and the feeling of her tensing around his fingers. He continues his alternating movements between her most sensitive areas, her and subsequently his fingers getting more damp by the moment.
	"I think we should move to your bedroom, before I ruin this sofa." he speaks slowly into her ear.
	Nicole's tail practically loses itself at this point, and that's all the conformation they need. Both stand up and quickly shuffle down the hallway towards Roberts bedroom, he gently pushes Nicole down onto the mattress while he begins to undress by his laundry hamper. Watching intently, Nicole slowly masturbates on his bed, on her back with her legs spread. Roberts pants come off to expose all but entirely tented boxers, which are then dropped to the floor as well, he walks over to Nicole on the mattress and to her surprise, falls a bit short of where he expected him to go. Robert buries his face into her crotch fur and waste no time digging his tongue into her inviting opening. Another shudder is followed by a less than muffled whine this time as Nicole struggles to maintain her composure. Robert continues and manipulates his tongue into a slightly rougher patch of flesh, which he gets down to work on, feeling the German Shepherd girl attached writhe and shake with every movement across her clit. Nicole digs into the bedsheets, her claws remain trimmed but they poke through the fabric regardless as she tenses and relaxes her arms on legs on repeat. Her tail has very little room to move with Robert pressing down on it with his chest, Robert however can feel the end as it gently caresses his growing shaft.
	He pulls back from her for a moment, there's a visible new wetted spot on the sheets and his mouth is equally so. He wipes himself off with the blankets while he gives Nicole a moment to catch her breath, she laid there panting for a moment, slowly touching herself in the absence of Roberts tongue. After relaxing a little she slowly flips herself over, presenting her rear to Robert, he watches as she slowly raises her wagging tail to present herself to him. She leaves droplets of her arousal on his sheets as he moves himself closer, grabbing her from behind and pinning her swishing tail under one of his arms. Using the other he lines up the tip of his penis and pushes it into the softer and more pliable part of her external anatomy, before taking his time to push in his entire length. The sensation of her hotter than normal vaginal canal and seemingly unstoppable wetness are a whole new sensation to him and his length. Be begins slowly with gentle thrusts, petting and smelling Nicole's fur throughout. Nicole on the receiving end stifles her panting with her tongue free, and continues to claw into the sheets  below her, curling the toes of her paws slightly with every thrust of her lover behind her. A low growl escapes her and she tilts her head back as Robert picks up the pace with his thrusting. Robert is reaching a point where he must alternate his pace to last, and switches between fast and slow movements to control himself.
	Nicole begins to feel herself come close to climax, and decides to leave Robert with a bit of a surprise. The whines she makes get louder as she can no longer contain them or muffle them in any way, she drops to her elbows spread and plants the side of he face on the sheets as Robert quickens his pace again. She expresses a muffled moan into the sheets as she closes her eyes, her back arches as she reaches climax and begins to twitch and pulse all throughout. Ripping small tears into the sheets she feels herself tighten and release over Roberts member over and over, he slows his thrusts to quick and short ones before reaching his own. Robert is caught off guard by the German Shepherd girls orgasm and doubles himself over her before fully hilting himself inside her, and letting his ejaculate flow freely. He drains himself into her as she continues to tense and release over his shaft repeatedly, a growing wetness around him as their fluids intermingle inside her. Panting resumes, Robert finishes up with a few staggered individual thrusts and remains inside her until Nicole's wave is ridden to completion. He pulls himself up from off her and slowly pulls himself out of her pussy, resting the tip inside for just a moment before completely pulling out and falling to sit back on the carpeted floor. He gets a good view of her dripping orifice as a slow expulsion of his cum leaks out of her. 
	Nicole stops shaking for a moment and falls over onto her side, laying on the bed, her happy tail swishing against the sheets. She keeps her eyes closed and attempts to slow her breathing back down to normal as she basks in the afterglow of their lovemaking. Robert had climbed up onto the bed and scooted his way back to the wall to rest sitting up against it. Nicole opens her eyes and does the same, sitting up and sliding back to the wall up against him. She leans into him and Robert once again wraps his arm around her and begins slowly scratching the side of her head and hair, letting his head rest on hers.
	"Don't smell me," Nicole quietly says with a slight giggle, "I smell like sex and wet dog."
	"Maybe I like the way wet dog sex smells?" is Roberts response.
	Nicole laughs, then looks at the mess on the sheets. There's a small section of human cum spilled onto them, surrounded by the puddle that was her fluids of arousal splattered in their act. 
	"I think I might've ruined your sheets..."
	To which she receives no response, she looks to Robert for any kind of response to her statement and sees that he has already fallen asleep by her side, still gently stroking her fur. Nicole nestles up further against him and closes her eyes to rest. The newfound couple sleeps quietly together, sitting upright on the back of the bed, dreams of comfort and acceptance move through Nicole's head as she finally had found someone who loves her for who she was.