These days, when everything was going to hell because of His Majesty's insanity, one thing that didn't change were the pleasures of the flesh.
You, as a citizen of Armello, were a frequenter of an establishment known as the Cathouse. Despite the name, felines only made a fraction of the workers there.
You seek out the proprietor, a rather plump Calico cat nicknamed Miss Kitty. She greeted you like an old friend and asked what you were interested in today.
"I'm a bit bored of the usual girls, Miss. Do you have anyone more... exotic?" you ask.
She thinks for a moment. "Well, I have someone in mind, but they're not in right this moment. However, we can reserve a room and have you wait for her there until she arrives."
Thanking Miss Kitty, you head upstairs to the room you reserved.

You sit upon the bed as you survey the room. It's charming, but sparsely decorated. Although it is certainly tidier kept than the nearby inn's rooms.
You decide to rest until your 'exotic choice' arrived. As you begin to close your eyes, a distant sound pierces your ears. You think you hear some screams, but the stone walls of the Cathouse muffle them.
After a bit, the noise dies down, and the room becomes quiet again. You, however, are still a little on edge from the commotion and wait for any more sudden sounds to come.
Your alertness is rewarded as you hear the sound of running feet against wood floors. It's coming from outside the room and getting closer.
The door is flung open as a panting vixen stumbles into the room.

She wears a plain shirt with a leather skirt secured over her midsection with a belt. Across her big and fluffy neck is a necklace. Slung over her shoulder is a strap holding a cutlass.
You think Miss Kitty might have had a different idea of exotic.
In the time it took you to eye your new guest, it has finally come to her attention that you exist.
She seems to be unable to speak, prefering to stand there staring as she keeps a hand on her cutlass.
You decided to break the awkwardness. "Are you the exotic girl Miss Kitty sent for?"

The vixen seems to finally realize where she is. "Oh. Yes, I am."
You ask for her price. "Four gold." You nearly have a heart attack upon hearing that. The highest the other girls had gotten was half that and you had to save up for several weeks to even afford them!
But... there has to be a reason why she's so expensive. She'd never have been recommended to you if she wasn't worth it, right?
After some deliberation, you take out your coin purse and give the coins to her.
"What's your name?" she asks, pocketing the coins. "Anon. Yours?" you respond.
"Scarlet. Well, Anon, we'd better get started." Scarlet says, removing her shoulder strap and putting her sword against the wall.

The fox undoes her belt, stopping briefly to look at you. Realizing why, you begin undressing as well.
She continues to strip, removing her shirt, lingering as her undergarments are shown to you. 
Her white bra and panties are lifted and pulled down, giving you a view of her bare breasts and pussy.
At this point, you realize you still have a bit more clothes of your own to take off and remove it all.
Now that you're naked, you look back up to see Scarlet's nude form. You take in her curves and she readily indulges you, turning to give you a good look at her ample rear.

Once you're done checking her out, you're fully erect and ready.
Scarlet smiles as she walks over to you and places a hand on your dick. It's her turn to examine you.
"Hmm, a fine size." she says, getting on both knees. "Now..."
Opening her mouth, she reveals her teeth, which she hovers uncomfortably close to your tip. "How does it taste?"
You cringe at the thought of the fox biting down, but after a couple seconds, she instead gives it a quick peck and chuckles to herself.
She takes your length into her mouth, her tongue circling around it. Then, she pulls off and repeats the motion.
The inside of her mouth feels amazing. Combined with the way her tongue is moving, she's making a very good first impression on you.
After a while, your breathing gets ragged and you're close to releasing your load. The vixen seems to take notice of this and pulls off you and begins stroking you.
That isn't going to cut it. Without warning, you grab her head and force your cock back into her mouth, causing her to choke in protest.
You thrust thoughtlessly into Scarlet's maw, seeing her eyes start to tear up as you cum inside.
Pulling off, she glares at you, before closing her eyes and swallowing. "You could have at least warned me you were going to do that!" she coughs.
Feeling guilty, you pull her to her feet and lead her over to the bed.

Scarlet bends over, her butt presented to you.
You take the time to run your hands over it. You move your hands around, taking a handful of both her cheeks.
Deciding to explore a bit further down before moving on, you touch her inner thighs and run your hands up them.
You stop as you feel a damp spot on her fur. Did she actually enjoy the rough treatment you were giving her?
Not wanting to keep Scarlet waiting any longer, you grab hold of her hips and ram your member in her pussy.
The vixen softly moans as you slowly move in and out of her. She looks back at you.
"C'mon, you can quit with the gentle treatment. I'm not going to break that easily."
Taking initiative, you speed up your movements. While she seems to like it a bit more, you figure she wants more than this.
You make the bold decision to bring a hand hard onto her ass. She yelps loudly and flashes an elated grin back at you, tongue stuck out between her teeth.
Alternating gripping and slapping her rear, the fox has turned into a moaning drooling mess.
Feeling yourself getting close to climaxing, you lean closer to her, her fur brushing against your thrusting body.
Then, you do something you'd probably never do normally.
You nip Scarlet's thick neck.
She doesn't seem to mind though, continuing to pant as though she was in heat.
Your breathing gets faster and so does hers. You can't hold on any longer.
The two of you climax at the same time, Scarlet making one last moan. Her pussy squeezes you out until you're finished.

Following a brief bit of basking in the afterglow, you and Scarlet clothe yourselves and prepare your goodbyes.
"It's been fun," she starts, "but I have to be going."
"Wait, don't you have to keep working?" you ask. Scarlet smiles.
"Don't worry yourself thinking about it, Anon." she says, pinching your nose. "And if all goes well for me, you can expect to see me soon!"
The vixen exits the room, shortly afterwards followed by you. You ponder what she was going on about when you reach the front of the building.
You see Miss Kitty is still there. "Oh, did you change your mind, sir?"
Huh?
Just then, a ferret woman wearing a red dress barges through the front door.
"I'm so sorry I'm late, Miss! First I overslept, then there was a horrible riot going on in the middle of town and I couldn't get here! I even heard some gunshots!"
Oh.
You quickly excuse yourself and decide not to come back for the next few weeks.