													Lost and Longing in Lustria

	You are a crewman aboard an Estalian trading vessel bound for Araby. Recently, it has become clear that the ship is well off course due to the lush forested lands that can be seen on the horizon. A freak storm hits the ship in the middle of the night, and you barely manage to leave your hammock before the ship is torn to splinters.

	You awaken on the beach, open sea before you and impassable jungle to the back. Your attempts to come up with a survival plan or search for other survivors are cut short by a sudden din from the forest. From the treeline emerges an armed horde of blue lizardmen, as fearsome as the tales had told. One beckons you, and the others surround you. Seeing little choice, you follow the band back into the jungle. 

	After a miserable march through the dense forest you enter a great clearing. Within it lies a massive city dominated by great pyramids, gold and gems decorate almost every structure in sight. Thousands of these lizardmen, ranging from the small so-called skinks to massive bipedal crocodiles move about its streets and staircases. It would be quite the sight were you not convinced that you were soon to be gutted in the name of some foreign god. 

	You are brought to the summit of the largest pyramid in the city where a great toad of some sort sits upon its throne. The toad appears to be asleep, and aside from its seat the only other thing of note at the top of the pyramid was the strange pool that lay between you. Its contents were a brilliant shade of blue, like the lizards of the city. Your fixation on the pool breaks when the toad suddenly speaks. It is a slow, deeply slurred speech in a tongue you could not hope to understand, but it was clearly something important. The toad finishes and appears to fall back into its slumber, and the pool's fluids begin to churn.

	A small arm juts from the primordial soup before you and grabs at the edge of the pool, followed by another. Hauling itself out of the pool and jumping up to its feet, a skink now stands before you. It didn't seem very different from its kin, four feet tall and well toned. Before you can examine the creature further the pool began to thrash once more. In one swift motion a saurus leaps out of the pool and lands in front of you, and you find yourself jumping as well. The two lizards just stand there, looking at you, and you decide to do the same. They did look like the other lizards you'd seen, but then it hit you. These were females, the others had no signs of any sex at all.

	The toad grumbled something, briefly grabbing the lizards' attention before they returned their gaze to you. Were you to be their first meal? The larger one walks past you, but your moment of relief is brought to a sudden end. The saurus woman binds your arms from behind. The skink chitters gleefully in her kind's alien language and rushes to you. Before you can blurt out a pointless objection the little lizard lady has undone your trousers. 
	
	A tongue, long, broad, and muscular, rolls out of the skink's mouth. The skink unleashes a flurry of sloppy licks upon your loins, between the hot and heavy air of the jungle and this sudden assault you briefly forget your predicament and full mast in moments. The lizard looks to her larger sister and chirps proudly, to which the saurus responds with an aloof glance away and a crocodilian bellow. Your arms are released, but in the same moment two mighty clawed hands push you to your knees. The saurus pins your legs with a foot upon one of your calves. 
	
	With a hop the skink is upon you, pinning your arms to yours sides with her embrace. She holds you close, resting her neck upon your shoulder. You can feel, and hear, every excited breath. Her smooth scales slide against your sweaty body. She whispers something incomprehensible to you, pulls back to look you in the eye, and drops her hips.

	The skink wastes no time with any prodding or teasing. She sinks to the hilt immediately, emitting a sharp cry. The heat of the jungle would strike you as chilly compared to the heat of this cramped skink snatch. A shudder travels through her to you, and you gaze into her slit pupils set within amber irises. As you try to grasp what her eyes are saying she begins a frantic grinding against your crotch, still clinging by her arms and legs. She leans forward once more, this time bringing her maw to your neck, her muscular tongue scrubbing the salt from you. Her grip moves from your back to your shoulders, tighter than ever.

	Most would see this as an abomination. They'd say that even the lowest swabbie in all of Estalia wouldn't go along with such a thing. These condemnations no longer concerned you. With your arms now at least somewhat free, you reach out to your reptilian rider and grab a hold of her sides. You guide her motions, and after a moment you both come to something of a steady rhythm. Hey legs reach out and cross behind your back, keeping the motions quick and short. The saurus steps off of your leg and you look up to see her looming over the two of you, watching intently. 

	You begin to feel the result of your weeks alone at sea well up inside of you. You'd intended to unload that cargo in some port in Araby, but this lustful Lustrian lizard clearly has other plans. Warning her of what is to come despite the language barrier, you quicken the pace. A long hiss issues from the skink and she bites down upon your neck. The sudden pain sends you over the edge. 

	As the two of you ride out the orgasm, your pent emission filling every crevice it can reach within the skink, the saurus lets loose another strange below. It pats you on the head as you and the skink cling to one another and pant. The skink releases your neck, which you hope isn't bleeding too badly. Looking into her half-lidded eyes you can read a hint of satisfaction on her alien features. Her unusual tongue snaps out and licks your cheek before she finally releases you, a mess of following in her wake. She then scurries over to the toad, poking his hands and talking excitedly to no response. 

	On your feet once more, you take a look around. The view from up here is incredible. The city had been impressive from the ground, but from up here its scale and deliberate design was breathtaking. It was a far cry from the incoherent sprawls of Estalia. You notice that the guards had departed, perhaps since your arrival at the peak; awfully trusting of them. As the skink continued to chatter away at the snoring frog-man your eyes fall upon the saurus. She quickly breaks eye contact with you, turning her head away in a manner that you would have taken for bashful had it been an Estalian lass. 

	With the only other two people around occupied you decide to approach her. Sure, there was a language rift as wide as Ulthuan, but its not as if there was much else for you to do. You greet the sibling with a hand out ready to shake. She stares at it, then at you, then at your groin, then at the hand again. The saurus makes a noise that may have been a word or a grunt. You pull your hand back and apologize, not wanting to offend the large reptile that would dwarf you had it a more human posture. As you try to ask her what is going on, the saurus slowly lies down upon its back. 

	Looking at you from between her mighty legs, another bellow rumbles out of the saurus. You try to match her gaze but your eyes are drawn to her hand as it splays open her lower lips. As your sense of taboo and the fact that you had just mated with a skink moments before wrestle for dominance within your mind, the skink herself helps to break the stalemate. The scaled hand reaching around to your cock makes some very persuasive motions. Your erection restored, you break free of her grasp and stride over to the waiting saurus. Mannan have mercy.

	Descending upon the bestial woman you get right to business. Maybe it was the desire to rid yourself of your newfound erection. Maybe it was a hope that compliance would lead to salvation. Maybe it was that look in the saurus' eyes. Whatever it was, you fell upon her with a frenzy you'd never known before.

	Burying yourself within her scale-guarded mound and failing to bury yourself in her mighty pecs you hammered away at the saurus with all you had. A great roar of approval preceded her arms wrapping around you, a large clawed hand pressing your face further into her chest. The saurus' desperate grip both outside and inside spurs you on. This time when the saurus bellows you can feel it through your entire form. In waves it crashes into you, you can barely resist firing off right then and there as the ensuing orgasm rocks you to your core. After what feels like an entire voyage you pump your load into the depths of the great reptile beneath you. You don't slow down until you've gotten it all out.

	Drained in every sense of the word you sit back in awe at the sight of your own handiwork. Unlike her smaller sister, this one had not spilled a drop from her dark blue folds. As you rest, the skink crawls beside you and hugs your side. The saurus comes out of her stupor as well and crawls over to rest her head against your leg. Basking in the afterglow and the light of the setting sun, the notice a feather rising from the edge of the pyramid. It is followed by the another skink wearing an elaborate headdress. It carries a plain golden band over to you and places it on your head.  
	
	"It is as the Great Old Ones have predicted."
	
	You turn to see that it was the great toad speaking.
	
	"Chosen sailor, you are to make this city your home. Live in peace with your fated brides from now until the End Times."