Tags: m/f human hyena, strong female, femdom elements, mutual attraction, childhood friends

BAM
BAM
BAM
BAM
You watched as Grace struck the punching bag, her taped paws little more than a blur. The series of blows were punctuated with a throaty shout that echoed within the confines of the home-gym.
She paused, panting and bouncing atop her padded feet, wordlessly waiting on you. You looked at the stopwatch on your phone; still not fast enough.

“Again.” 

The hyena squared up and tried again, despite her obvious exhaustion she gave it her all. Her muscles coiled up only to explode outwards with tremendous force like a spring. Every part of her body engaged in the fluid motion; Years of training made it as second nature to her as breathing or walking. She swung as her feet shot forward, her hips pivoting while her tail snapped to keep her balance. 
Jab
Left hook
Right hook
Kick

“What’re you giving ‘em, love taps? Hit the thing like you mean it!” you shouted, winding the woman up as she repeated the set again. 
The weighted cylinder rocked with every forceful punch, it teetered uncertainly and for a moment you were giddy with the thought of her striking hard enough to knock it over. The impacts crumpled the foam, and part of you almost felt sorry for the poor soul on the receiving end of that merciless barrage. 

“How was that?” she huffed, her voice a low growl; her eyes never once left their lock from the target. 

You took another glance at your watch and smiled, “Point-seven-five off your record.”  

She lowered her guard and looked to you incredulously before breaking out into a toothy grin.  “Think that’ll be enough?”

You chuckled, looking her over.  Grace, for all her namesake, was anything but. Her pelt was a canvass of taupe and beige, dotted with brown stripes and pink jagged scars; she was a predator, with natural ambush camouflage to boot. She shaved her white hair into a mohawk frosted with brown tips. Her canine ears were pierced with small, silver gauges.

Female hyenas tended to be big, but Grace wasn’t built broad by any stretch of the imagination. Instead she had a lean, muscular physique. The subtle ridges of her abs were visible even through the white, dense bellyfur of her exposed midriff. Her biceps were well-built for someone not gifted the luxury of testosterone. What she lacked in size she made up with deceptively steely-corded knots strong enough to hang a bridge. The most impressive part about her was her legs with two big, trunk-like thighs and a pair of calves to make a tour-de-France champion jealous. 

You’d joke that she was lean-and-mean, but the last man to do that got kicked hard enough he wound up in the ICU.  

To top it all off was a mouth of sharp carnivorous teeth which gave her a natural snarl, and two brilliantly emerald eyes. Of which, you noticed, were boring right into you. She tugged on the tape wrapped around her hands, glaring at you expectantly. 
“Yeah, I’d say you’re ready.” You nodded. 

“Good, because I was gonna deck you if you made me do that fucking drill one more time.” She said, taking a swig of protein drink. She walked past you towards a nearby sofa, she sat down and patted the seat next to her. 

For a while neither of you spoke, enjoying the moment of stillness in the humid basement. You looked over to her and frowned.  The way she stared at the floor just didn’t sit right. Grace was a lot of things: she was crass, boisterous, and sometimes even rude. But you were still her friend, and had been since middle school. That wasn’t really what was important though. What was important was she’d always been the confident one, the crazy adventure-seeker. 

She was a gymrat who managed to drag you along with her every other day; who’d broken your couch potato habits and put you into the best shape of your life. Then, she found kickboxing and you were pulled into it with her.

She could’ve taken anyone as her coach, and by all rights she probably should have, but she wanted you to be by her side. Even when it was clear she was better than you, you got her a better coach and promised to be her support. You’ve spent almost six years now watching her work her way up, going from dingy basement fights to finally getting her foot in the door to be a professional.

And yet, right now? She didn’t look like she believed she was ready. 

Like hell you were going to let that be, not now. 

“Hey Grace…” you said quietly.

She gave you a sidelong glance, “hmm?”

“Remember when were kids and Tommy used to pick on you?” 

She didn’t reply, tapping along the half-empty tumbler.

“The last day of school he tried to push you——you were half his size, and all of sixty pounds with your tail wet——but right as soon as he lay a hand on you, you got a look in your eyes,” you put a hand on her shoulder and she met your eye with the corner of hers. “And you know what you did? You socked him in the mouth.”

She giggled in that tell-tale barking laugh of hers, “Yeah, I did. I knocked out a tooth too——Mrs. Drever was furious with me.”
 
You gave her shoulder a firm squeeze, “And then there was Johnny Bellucci, who you made piss his pants because he called you butch; there was that ‘roided bitch at kickboxing who tried to pick a fight with you-”

“What’re you getting at, Anon?” she interrupted, giving you her full attention.

You gave her a soft look, rubbing along the back of her neck, she’d hardly ever let people touch her. “My point is——you’ve never been afraid of a challenge, and you’ve always come out on top even when you weren’t ready for it. This is your chance, and I know you’ll go out there, and kick the shit out of this bitch.”

“Anon I-“

“No buts, I mean it. You’re ready, Grace.” You said firmly, pressing her forehead to yours.

Her tail wagged against the cushions with a soft swish. As you stared into her eyes, it was like a switch was thrown in her head. Her emerald pools smoldered something you’d never seen in them before. You had only enough time to feel her hands on your shoulders before you found yourself laying across the cushions, grunting from the impact that left you winded. 

Grace loomed over you with a predatory look on her face. Your head spun as she stole your breath with a deep, hungry kiss. Your sound of surprise melted into her lips as a soft moan, as her tongue probed your lips and slipped past them. Her tongue wrestled with yours, exploring every inch of your mouth. Pressed harshly against the sofa, she swung a leg over middle and straddled your hips. The embrace was a dance of dominance to its core, the hyena delighting in the way you squirmed at her salacious advances, the messy kiss asserting that *she* was to be the one on top. 

You’ve always wanted her, but something held you back from telling Grace how you felt. Now as you lay melting beneath her, your vision blurring from a lack of air, and her sweaty body grinding against you, she too could feel how you longed for her. A wonderful heat radiated above your lap right where her hips met yours.  

Your heart hammered in your ears, and just as you felt close to passing out, she pulled back with a smack of her lips. You gasped for air, a blush lapping at your cheeks, a single strand of saliva still connected the two of you.

“Grace…” you gasped, staring up at her in awe. She smiled coyly; the gleam of those pearly whites sent a tingle up your back. The wild look in her eye only grew stronger now that she had you pinned.  

She leaned in close, her lips brushing against your cheek, “I’ve waited so long for you to make your move, Anon…but you never did. That was my mistake, I should’ve realized all you needed was a little push,” she purred. She draped herself across your chest, cradling your head in her hands.

She suddenly gripped your hair in her fist, your arousal spiking while her teeth pinched your earlobe. Her sweat-shined body was still grinding against you in an unbearable tease. You hissed, heart pounding in your chest, but you couldn’t find the strength to say anything. That was exactly the response she wanted.

“Mmmrrf…just like that, that little jolt? The way you’re *rock hard*,” she cackled, that once cute laugh now animalistic in a way that thrilled you like nothing else. You swallowed the lump in your throat, stammering as she continued to fluster you, “Admit it, you’re loving this.” Her claw tip ran along your brow.

You thought of telling her otherwise, to ask her to be gentle, but that felt…wrong. 

Part of you was terrified, Grace was *strong* and had hell of a temper. If she wasn’t careful, she could easily hurt you. But the other half of you was captivated by all of this, the taste of danger was exciting. “Yes but-“you started, only to be shushed with a clawed finger to your lips. The words died right then and there. You were so conflicted; being with her was supposed to be romantic, but she made you want whatever this was just as badly. God, how was she doing this to you?

The flash of emotion across your face tickled her. That claw was now circling along your temple. “You look so cute like this…” she purred.
You whimpered, breathing hard as she shifted atop of you. That smile was chilling and you couldn’t keep your eyes off her fangs. She noticed it too and that Cheshire grin only got wider.

“Please…” you tried again, her tail wagging all the while you failed to resist her. Did you even want to resist her? Being afraid was one thing, but you couldn't deny that your dick was diamonds.

“Don’t worry, I don’t bite... hard,” she whispered, running her tongue across her canines before clacking her teeth with a sharp snap of her jaws. Her laughter didn’t help the drumming of your poor heart.
 
There were butterflies in your stomach when her lips sealed around your earlobe once more, teasing you with gentle nibbles. You said her name in a wavering mewl, shuddering as her tongue then traced your jugular. She shot you a knowing look. She was toying with you, like a cat with a mouse. Her thrilling teases left you perpetually on edge, waiting for the moment she’d drop the game and pounce.
Her voice was a husky, sultry whisper, “I know exactly what you need.” You realized far too late it was all the warning you’d get.

Her affection was just as rough. The hyena basked in the sweet taste of triumph; you were her conquest, and she made sure you knew it. Your heart felt like it had stopped when she seized at your exposed neck, doting on the vulnerable flesh with lovebites. Each little pinch felt so very close to breaking skin as she sealed her lips around wherever she desired; the rolling pinches giving way to suckling and soothing licks. The peach of your skin turning shades of purple and red in the wake of her sensual barrage. Exhilaration coursed through your body like a fire in your veins as you writhed against the cushions, pinned in place by her hands and the squeezing of her thighs.

It was like being in a vice, her deceptively heavy body bearing down on you as she liberally painted you with her marks. Her thighs ratcheted tighter, “You need me to press your buttons until you *break*, Anon——just like you always do.”

You planted your hands along her backside as she marked you, attacking that sumptuously pert rump with harsh squeezes. She shivered, rolling her hips and moaning hotly against your adam’s apple. 

You froze as those terrifying jaws clamped around it, “Did I give you permission, Anon?” she chided. You gingerly shook your head, wincing as the teeth dug in just a little bit more into your skin. before releasing with a laugh, “Oooh, that’s too precious, already learning, are we? Good boy.” 

She sat up straight, panting like a dog as she peeled off her snug sports bra, wiggling her hips to strip off her boxing shorts in a way that left an unbearable ache in your loins. A pleased coo slipped past your lips as she took your hands in hers, drawing them along the damp fur of her waist. Ardently taking the invitation, you traced the scars that dotted her body; every pink line was tally marks of a body hardened by a lifetime of fighting. 

You offered no resistance when her hands unbuttoned your pants, pulling them down along with your boxers down your thighs. She left them past your knees, far more interested in your erect manhood which now throbbed in the open air.

“Mmmff…you’re gonna enjoy this.” It wasn’t an invitation; it was a command, and the wait was agony.

The way she could so easily bend you to her whim was intoxicatingly intense. You couldn’t focus on anything, drunk on the carnal pleasures she plied you with. Your hands trembled climbing the steely-washboard of her abs. You cupped her modest bust and savoring the small taste of softness on her otherwise firm body.

Grace’s lustful growls in response to your touch spurred you on. You returned her rough affection in kind and squeezed those grapefruit-sized tits like putty; kneading them and feeling the solid wall of muscle beyond the malleable squish. You grinned at the way your touch left sent her tongue lolling, her eyes closing to half slits.

She lifted herself up with one arm, leaving your searching hands oh so close to where you wanted them. “Get ready cutie…” she laughed, “now I’m really gonna give it to you.”

Your eyes went wide when you saw where her other hand had wandered. She chewed her lip and spread herself over your length. You could feel the warmth radiating from those dripping folds, hovering mere inches from your turgid member.

And then she sat down. 

Your heart felt like it’d skipped a beat, and you let out an excited cry as her hot, velvety walls enveloped your cock like a fleshlight. Grace shuddered, rocking her hips and working you deep into her tight honeypot. You let out a staccato moan as she gripped your sides, her blunted claw tips dimpling your skin. 

Something inside of you snapped. With a lurid sound you guided the hyena’s hips. She raised herself up——nearly withdrawing from her snug depths——only for her to *slam* back down with a wet smack. 

Again, and again, those shapely hips and rear met your lap with a meaty sound. The both of you grew lost in the other’s pleasured cries; driven to further heights of burning desire; turned on by the sensation of her body writhing against yours.

She leaned over you, pulling you into another mind-numbing kiss. Your whole body felt warm——your muscles limbered as if having been in a sauna. You thrust into her with wild abandon. Penetrating her deeply every downward stroke, the sounds of her wanton moaning; her predatory growls and yips; it was all a rush. She took your bottom lip within her teeth, chewing on it only for a moment before adding another hickey to the splotches of your neck. Her broad tongue brushed your cheek, her steamy breath blowing over you. 

Trapped beneath her as she had her way with you, you were but a fawn that had wandered into a wolf’s den, now utterly at her mercy. The brutal rutting was selfish——but being used felt so good. Your breath hitched as her claws prickled into your sides once more, those onyx nails to leaving red streaks on your skin. The sharp stringing evaporated away into a pleasant buzz, some deeper part of you reveling in this tempered dance of pain and ecstasy. 

“G-grace, I’m gonna…” you rasped. It felt like you were drowning under the unending deluge of sensations, you were already so close!
“Not.Finished.Yet.” She rumbled while pulling you in tighter. She sent both of you tipping over. As you landed on your side, her legs locked behind your back. The vigorous fucking never stopped, instead her tempo increased with her new hold on you. 

She let out a triumphant roar that rang in your ears as she came. Her walls clamped around your member with rolling, rhythmic pulses. Flashes of white streaked across your vision as your resolve crumbled, and you grew undone in her arms. You couldn’t take it! You tried to pull out only for her legs to push you right back.  

“N-no, cum inside me!” she barked, her cheeks flushed a gentle pink beneath the fur. 

You grit your teeth, your lungs burning with exertion, “Yes ma’am!” you replied. Her chest pressed to yours as you wrapped your arms around her back. Holding on for dear life, you did just as she asked.

Her teeth clamped around your shoulder as you came explosively, and the dizzying jolt of pain radiated across your body, piling on to the overwhelming crackling of your nerves. Your back arched and from your lips came a hoarse cry of elation. You didn’t even notice the trickle of warmth running down your chest, it was lost amidst the heat of the moment. 

You spasmed pitifully and used what little freedom afforded to you in her crushing, possessive embrace to slam into her drooling folds. You lost track of how long you kept at it, but all too quickly the both of you were taken with exhaustion. Her feverish coupling slowed and your jackhammering pace turned to erratic thrusts. 

The two of you lay in a messy heap atop the ruined couch, neither saying a word. You focused on the sound of her breathing and the dopey grin on her muzzle. The room was suffused with the smell of sweat and sex mixed with the tang of her honey. 

Grace finally opened her eyes, the green gems focused on you and softened as if finally coming out of a stupor. She lay your head in the crook of her neck, licking softly at the spot she’d bitten you. You couldn’t see it, but the drying blood on the white fur of her muzzle said enough. 

“Gonna have to throw this couch out…” you whispered, eyeing the rips and scratches. How did that even happen? 

“Later. Right now, I just wanna sleep.” She murmured, groaning as she unhooked her legs from your back. You nodded and ran your fingers through her hair. Grace let out a pleased croon. 

“Turn around, anon..” she whispered gently, paws rubbing along your back. 

You gave her a puzzled look but complied anyway, turning around to face away from her on the couch. Just as you did her arms slipped underneath you, her leg swung over your hip. She gave you a light squeeze, rumbling happily as the back of your head nestled between her breasts.

You shook your head. Of course, she wanted to be big spoon. She noticed this and playfully nipped you, cackling quietly when you shivered from the contact of her teeth on your ear. 

You’d never felt this way before; you were bruised yet the pain that flared reminded you of the bliss you were in moments ago. You started to look forward to the little hiccups. And you were just so sensitive too, the barest brush of her fur against your skin tingled wonderfully. It was like you were rolling on ecstasy. Was this what aftercare felt like? You weren’t well versed in that sort of stuff. All you cared was that it felt good, and it did——like a glass of water after a run. 

For a while longer she held you, whispering sweet nothings in your ear. The high of your afterglow lingered like a soothing bath. It dulled the pain of your battered body and kept it from being overwhelming. Her voice sounded so different now. The subtle growl was there but it lacked the domineering tone of a conqueror it held earlier. She sounded happy, and her voice was comforting, honeyed even. You closed your eyes and listened, placing your palm over hers. 

“I love you, Anon” she sighed contentedly.

“I love you too, Grace.”