Bear and Mouse part 2: The First Week of Traveling
By Neon Dreams

The hot Araxion sun beat through the treelines, rousing Jill from her sleep. She lifted her head off of Bjorn’s chest. She never knew a manfolk could be this warm, let alone this good at cuddling. Then again, she never cuddled with anyone prior to meeting the Norseman. Bjorn’s thick, muscular arms were wrapped around her. Jill couldn’t really move much, she wondered if it was a good idea to wake the northerner up. 

She laid her head on his chest again, snuggling herself against him. She started to think about what had happened a few nights ago. The two of them were fucking like animals. Well, Bjorn was fucking her like an animal. At the end of each night they laid together in bed, or in that tub. Bjorn remained quiet it through it all. Come to think of it, Bjorn didn’t talk much. They had been travelling together for about half a week and Jill became more open as the two travelled. Bjorn maybe spoke once or twice about his home. 

Bjorn only described it as a place where the strong thrive because the cold kills the weak. He said he was used to travelling alone, as he felt slowed down by parties of other adventurers. Which raised the question, why did he ask her to tag along with him? Jill tried thinking of reasons. She suddenly felt his finger scratched behind her ear. 

“Are you awake, little mouse?”, he spoke in his thick accent. 

His finger dug deep into her fur, she raised her snout in response. Bjorn lifted the ratfolk girl and sat her on his lap. The two sat face to face, Bjorn looked at her with his typical stony expression. Jill felt the northerner’s morning wood and slowly stood up. Bjorn held her down. She looked at him with concern as he began to caress her ass with a strong grasp, making her tail twitch with excitement. 

“I-I take you didn’t ask me to come with you just for, um, s-sex right?”, Jill asked as the Norseman groped her firm ass. 

Bjorn thrusted his hips causing the ratfolk girl to jump with a squeak. His erection poked her, and she had both hands on his soldiers. 

“Perhaps.”, Bjorn sat her back down on his erection and gently bit her neck. 

She moaned. First, he fucked her in a second-rate inn. Now, he was going to fuck her in the middle of the woods. She felt him prodding her, she closed her eyes. What good was it? She became this barbarian’s plaything. Resisting would either wind up with him forcing himself on her, or breaking her. The thought of him and his cock sent shivers all over her body, she felt wet. Bjorn’s nibbling didn’t stop, she felt his teeth dig into her skin as it sent sensations all over her. She mustered up some strength and began unbuttoning her shirt. 

What good was it? She knew she became a degenerate. May as well live like one. Bjorn suddenly stopped biting her, he wrapped his massive arms around her waist as he pulled her in. They were chest to chest, her shirt half unbuttoned and her arms crammed between their chests. She looked up at him, he moved one arm under her legs and the other on her shoulders. He got up, and set her down on her feet. 

“You should get ready, we’ll be leaving in a moment.”, Bjorn quietly donned his half-plate and lugged his massive sword over his back. 

Jill stood there surprised. She wiped the drool from her lips, and quickly buttoned her shirt. “He fucking teased me!”, the thought repeated in her head. She took several deep breaths. Jill began pondering whether or not to attempt to pull his dick out and get what she wanted. She wanted more than his cock though. She wanted him. The ratfolk girl watched the northerner with hungry eyes, shifting from the bulge in his pants to his defined face. 

“Let’s go, little mouse.”, Bjorn barked as he began walking away from their campsite. 

Jill shook her head clear of any indecent thoughts and ran up to Bjorn. She stood next to him and began to reason with herself. Perhaps Bjorn wasn’t so interested in sex at the moment, or maybe he was just thinking about getting to the next town and gathering up some bounties? She agreed with the latter. Bjorn was always serious about his work. She smiled as she looked up to Bjorn.

“You said we were heading to Falksmouth next?”, Jill asked with enthusiasm in her voice. 

“Falksmouth supposedly has a Morlock problem. Shouldn’t be too much of a problem, as long as it’s not an entire hive.”, Bjorn said stoically. He kept his eyes on the road. 

Jill questioned her Norse companion, “A-a Morlock?”

Bjorn looked down at her puzzled. Jill smiled in return, “I don’t actually know much about adventuring, or things related to adventuring. I’d be grateful if you could tell me.” Bjorn cocked his head. She had a strange sense of enthusiasm. 

“Morlocks are deranged sub-humans that mutated aggressively from constant cannibalism. One or two of them isn’t much, but when they are found in hives, they are considered a dangerous threat.”, the Norseman said without change of pace.

Jill’s enthusiasm ceased, “O-o-oh. That’s very lovely. I suppose it’ll just be us on this little job?”

Bjorn kept walking. Jill grew nervous, she was prepared to deal with small troubles or maybe some bandit. But, a morlock? She wasn’t exactly ready to deal with monsters. The small ratfolk girl looked down at her feet as she walked. Jill was contemplating the situation, she wasn’t quite ready to die.

“I won’t let you get hurt. I promise.”, the Norseman spoke confidently. Jill looked up at him, his eyes were still focused on the road ahead. Bjorn felt so reassuring, she felt safe around him. She walked closer to him. 

“Promise?”, Jill asked nervously. Bjorn looked down at her and nodded.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The two of them made it to Falksmouth. The town mayor had gladly accepted their help, and stated that the townsfolk were being harassed by a pair of morlocks. The town guard attempted to hunt them down, but they were lead to a cave. Fearing the morlocks laid traps, the guards retreated back to town. The mayor promised a whopping two-hundred gold pieces for the head of each Morlock.

Bjorn and Jill made it to the cave, it wasn’t far from Falksmouth. They headed in. Bjorn pulled out an everburning torch, illuminating the pitch black cave’s winding corridors. Jill stuck close to him, fearing what lied around the corner. With one hand, Bjorn drew his massive sword from his back. Jill was surprised, this was the first time she seen him draw it. He held it with such a strong grasp, she wondered if he could even swing it. Suddenly, bursting from the dark was a half-naked, gray humanoid creature roughly the size of a man wielding a makeshift club. It had shaggy black hair and a hanging jaw full of crooked teeth. The most terrifying feature of this man, was his lack of eyes. It charged at them with an inhuman shriek, it’s makeshift club raised above it’s head. With great speed, Bjorn whipped the sword in a horizontal arc, cutting straight through the creature’s abdomen. 

The lower-half of the morlock crumpled to the stony ground. It’s torso flew a few feet away, spraying the Norseman and the ratfolk with blood as it did. Jill was left in shock. The creature’s demise happened so swiftly, she could hear her heart beat like crazy. She looked down, her hands were shaking, she slowly reached into her pocket to pull a handkerchief. She began wiping the blood of her hands and face. The two of them heard howling in the pitch black, Bjorn walked into the darkness. His torch illuminating the way. 

Jill followed him, and stumbled. She almost fell, but a pair of gray arms caught the ratfolk girl from behind. She cried out for Bjorn, a filthy morlock wrapped it’s arm around her waist trapping her arms. Jill’s world turned black when she felt something hit her on the back of her head. The last thing she saw was Bjorn rushing towards her. His sword cleaving through two more of the disgusting sub-humans as he roared in bestial fury.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Jill awoke to the overwhelming scent of blood. She opened her eyes to the sight of the mutilated corpses of morlocks. Several of them had been ripped apart. Arms ripped from torsos, heads crushed, and innards ripped from bellies. Bjorn’s everburning torch was impaling the skull of one morlock. She tried moving, the upper body of a morlock was on her legs. She shrieked, pushing the torso off her. She sat back against the cold, earthen wall frightened. Jill began to breath spastically, she wiped her face with her bloodied hands. The ratfolk girl tasted the coppery tinge of blood and spat, and let out a groan of disgust. Her body was covered in gore. 

Slowly, the gray-furred ratfolk got up. She took care not to step in the gore. She lifted her tail high enough, so not to track it through the carnage. She approached the dead morlock with Bjorn’s everburning torch stuck to it’s head. She grabbed hold of the handle and tugged. It was in there deep. She reluctantly planted her foot on it’s head and tugged again. The torch was pulled free, along with the morlock’s severed head. Jill cried as stumbled over a mutilated body, she fell hitting the hard earth. She got up and immediately fled the carnage. Jill ran through the winding corridors of the cave, calling out for Bjorn. Suddenly, she heard an animalistic growl through the darkness, followed by a choked gargle. 

Jill was paralyzed with fear. Was there something else in the cave with them? She didn’t want to take another step forward. Jill closed her eyes shut. She took two deep breaths, and began thinking about Bjorn’s promise. 

“I won’t let you get hurt. I promise.”

Bjorn’s words rang through her head. It gave her some comfort. “Bjorn can’t protect me if I’m not next to him.”, she thought confidently. The thought of the Norseman was something welcoming. Jill smiled, the ratfolk girl was happy that she found him. 

She suddenly heard heavy footstep approach her. A blast of stinking breath hit her face, she opened her eyes. In front of her face was a toothy maw, full of sharp canine teeth, dripping with viscera. Jill paled at the site and fainted. The ratfolk girl’s unconscious body fell to the cold earth. A pair of massive clawed arms picked up Jill and carried her away into the dark

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Jill roused from her slumber when she felt breathing brush against her neck. She opened her eyes and found herself sitting just outside of the cave. A bloodied sack, Bjorn’s half-plate, and the Norseman’s sword rested against a tree. The blood from the sack leaked and glittered from the moonlight sky. Jill turned her head to see a shirtless Bjorn kneeling behind her with his arms wrapped around her waist. His breathing was heavy, but steady. The young, ratfolk girl let out a sigh of relief and smiled. Both she and Bjorn were alive. 

“Bjorn, what happened back there?”, she asked her companion. No response.

“Bjorn, are you ok?”, she turned to face him. Bjorn’s hand shot up and grabbed her neck. She gasped as she was pulled into him. He was pale and sweaty, his breathing became louder. The ratfolk girl felt the Norseman’s grasp grow tighter. 

“B-Bjorn, stop. You’re cho-”, Bjorn forced himself onto her. His lips planted on hers. Jill once again felt the northerner’s tongue force itself in her mouth and pin her tongue His grasped became a chokehold, Jill’s legs shook. Her tail spasmed and twitched as her eyes fluttered and closed. Bjorn eased his grasp and stopped kissing Jill. The ratfolk girl released a gasp of breath as Bjorn then pinned her to the earth. His black hair drooped over his face. Bjorn’s breathing sounded coarse and angry. His eyes fixed on Jill, he was hungry. 

Jill gulped, “B-Bjor-”, she stopped as she saw him smile. She was scared, this was the first time she saw him ever do such a thing.

“My little mouse. You must have hated it. Being teased like that?”, Bjorn pressed himself against the small, ratfolk girl. Jill felt the heat from his body. She had thoughts about his cock again. 

“Tell me, my little mouse.”, Bjorn began scratching her ear, “What is it that you want?” Jill raised her snout and began lightly breathing.

Jill squeezed her thighs together. She didn’t know what to do. But, she knew a part of her wanted to give in. She wouldn’t allow it, “Bjorn, s-stop. I can't do thi-”

Bjorn grabbed her breast tightly with a massive hand and began to pinch her nipple. She moaned. “I asked you a question, my little mouse. I want a fucking answer.”, he demanded in his thick accent. She squeezed her thighs tighter.

“No, no please. Not like this!”, she thought to herself. Bjorn’s smile turned into a sadistic grin. “Don’t worry, my little mouse. I’ll get an answer from you.”, he mounted her. He practically covered most of her body, leaving just her chest and head exposed. 

“Open your mouth, my little mouse. Don’t make me ask again.”, Bjorn had a hand on his waist and another on her neck. What good was it? Jill slowly opened her mouth to a small gap. Bjorn undid his pants and pulled out his massive, throbbing cock. At the sight of it, Jill suddenly felt wet. She eased her thighs and opened her mouth more. 

“Thats a good little mouse.”, Bjorn forced his massive cock into her small mouth, Jill began to choke on his dick. She felt him reach the deepest parts of her throat, each thrust was gentle. She slowly nodded her head back and forth. Bjorn’s breathing eased, he pulled his cock out of her mouth. Jill let out a gasp of breath as her saliva caked mouth followed his dick. Her mouth was open, drooling. Bjorn got off her and sat her up. Her mouth was still open and drooling as she slouched. He sat kneeling in front of her, he wrapped his hand around her neck and pulled her in. 

“Tell me what you want, my little mouse.”, Bjorn asked again with his hand stroking his cock. Jill eyed it. What good was it? She took his hand from his cock and placed it on her groin. He began to feel around the area with his fingers, making sopping noises as he did. She then took both her paws and wrapped them around his cock, stroking it. 

She gulped, “I want your cock.” Once again, Jill gave in to her desires. Bjorn shoved his hand down her pants and began fingering her. She squeaked, he must have had two fingers in there. She began to stroke him off faster. She raised her head to meet his face, she opened her mouth. Her tongue stuck out, begging Bjorn to kiss her. He was aggressive when he did so. She felt his tongue wrap around hers, she felt herself gushing as her legs and tail spasmed. She pulled herself away from Bjorn and rested her head on his chest. His fingering grew more intense as she stroked him faster. She began let out quiet moans with each stroke. 

She began to cry out his name as she let go off cock and hugged him. Her moaning grew more louder. With his free hand, Bjorn wrapped his fingers around her neck. 

She cried out, “F-f-fuck, Bjorn! I need you!” She moaned as Bjorn’s fingers struck her sweet spot. She came and collapsed on the ground. She breathed heavily, Bjorn turned her over. Bjorn’s sadistic smile eased as he had a hand on groping her breast. 

“What did you say, my little mouse?”, his other hand was on her waist. Jill looked at him with soft eyes, “I. I need you.” 

Bjorn’s smile ceased, he let go of her breast. He put a hand on her belly. “Say that again.”
Jill breathed quietly, “I want you.” She looked at him longingly. She didn’t know if Bjorn felt the same about her. Bjorn grabbed her shirt. Jill’s expression turned to shock as he ripped off her shirt. She covered her exposed breasts as instinct. Before the ratfolk girl could utter a word, Bjorn tore off her pants with animalistic glee. 

Bjorn’s sadistic smile returned and he began prodding her pussy. Jill got up, but Bjorn held the ratfolk girl close to him. He began thrusting between her thighs, her juices pouring down her legs and secreting on his cock. Jill moaned with each thrust, the shaft of his massive cock brushing against her tiny pussy.  

Bjorn growled, “You wanted this, didn’t you? Don’t worry. I’ll give it to you, my little mouse.” Bjorn stood up, with his arms around her. He continued thrusting between her thighs. Jill’s arms were trapped between their chests. She tried to squirm free, but to no avail. “B-Bjorn, please give it! Now!”, she moaned ecstatically. 

“Give what?”, he turned her around. He moved his hands to her hips. This position made her feel like a toy. Jill’s legs were dangling, her arms covered breasts out of embarrassment. Bjorn forced her tail aside, his cock was rubbing against her ass. 

“Go on, my little mouse. What do you want me to do now?”, Bjorn asked while prodding her pussy. “P-please fuck me, Bjorn.”, she muttered. 

“What was that?”, the Norseman asked while inserting his head into her. Jill squeaked, she was getting tired of the teasing at this point. She gritted her teeth and shouted, “Just f-fuck me already, you dumb son of a bitch!” 

She let go off her breasts and clasped her mouth. Bjorn’s cock forced itself into her. She moaned, finally she got what got what she wanted. Bjorn’s dick may have been too big for her, but it belonged to her. She couldn’t imagine a life without it. With each thrust, the ratfolk girl’s legs quaked. Being treated like Bjorn’s toy made her fucking wet. She tried to arch her back and kiss Bjorn, he was too tall. She tried asking Bjorn to kiss her, but her request came out as a babbling moan.

Bjorn’s grasp on her hips tightened, he loved fucking her. She was so easy to toy with. Part of him felt like there must have been more than this, but it didn’t matter. He was satisfied either way. Bjorn wouldn’t stop until he broke her anyway. The Norseman pondered on whether or not his tiny mouse fucktoy knew this as well. He moaned as Jill’s pussy tightened around his cock. He felt invited to fuck her faster. Each moan and incoherent babble the little mouse uttered made him thrust harder.  

He then let go of her hips and lifted her thighs with his massive hands, spreading her legs. His thrusting only became more violent and uncontrollable. Jill let out another babble, “N-oo, nyot thish, Bjor. Sho, embarrashing.” She covered her breasts and began to cry. Bjorn smirked, she was embarrassed? What for? She was already his plaything, she already asked for his cock. 

Bjorn gritted his teeth, “That’s saying a lot coming from you, my little mouse. You begged for it, I’m just giving it to you.” Bjorn’s thrusting became rhythmic. Jill began sobbing, “Buh, Bjor. I lho-”, she cried as her body spasmed, cuming all over Bjorn’s cock. Jill’s sobbing grew louder. “Bjorn only sees me as a fucktoy, why am I like this? Why do I give in so easily?”, she thought. She cocked her torso and reached for his face. Bjorn looked at her and stopped smiling. She touched his face, “B-bjor, kish me.” Jill smiled. The ratfolk girl couldn’t care less. She was happy as long as he was satisfied. She began to move her hips. Bjorn lowered his head and kissed her. He allowed the ratfolk girl’s tongue to pin his. His thrusting became steady and slow. “I’m so fucking selfish.”,  Bjorn thought to himself.

He lied down, letting Jill mount him. Jill turned herself to face him, she laid down on his chest. The ratfolk licked the sweat of his chest and smiled. She babbled his name. She sat up with his throbbing erection in her hands. Jill began playing with his glans just before she started prodding herself with it. She smiled crookedly and moaned as the ratfolk girl connected the Norseman’s cock to her pussy. Jill sat down on it, she moaned out his name. Her wide hips slammed on his body, moaning each she pounded his cock. She picked up the pace, though not for long. 

Her legs became tired and she slouched over him, “Bjor, did yhew cum? I’m sho tire.” The Norseman sat up, letting the ratfolk girl rest on him. He began groping her ass, Jill licked and nibbled at his body. She whimpered when Bjorn began thrusting again. The Norseman’s hard, throbbing cock pounded upwards, kissing the ratgirl’s womb. His pace quickened, Jill quietly moaned in his ear. Bjorn didn’t want to break her, he wanted to protect her. He wasn’t quite sure why, but seeing her smile made him feel warm. 

But, there was another part of him that wanted to see her break. That ugly side of him that could have killed her. He struggled to contain that side, thinking of Jill’s safety. He closed his eyes and discarded any such thoughts. For now, he thought of his little mouse. 

Jill nibbled away at his shoulder and his neck, she was disappointed in herself. Not because she let her desires get the best of her, but because she couldn’t even satisfy the man she cared for. Was this love she felt? For a man she only met a few days ago. Maybe, he had so gladly accepted her. No one else ever did something like that for her. She stopped biting him and sat up, becoming face to face with her Norseman lover. His pace of steady, and not quick enough for her. 
“Bjor.”, Her speech was still slurred, she was tired. She shook her head, she wouldn’t tell him like this. She wrapped her arms around his neck, “Bjorn, I want you to go faster. I need you to fuck me harder.” She slumped, her head was on his chest again. 

Bjorn looked at his ratgirl plaything with concern, “Are you sure about this, little mouse?” Jill was drooling at the thought of Bjorn pounding her tiny pussy with his massive cock. She wrapped her arms and legs around his massive torso. “Ye-yesh”, she pleaded as she bit into his shoulder.

Bjorn groped her firm ass and massaged it. Her naked body felt so warm and soft, her breasts against squeezed against his barreled chest. Her breasts weren’t large, but they were still supple and soft. He thrusted violently into her, his balls slapping her ass as he thrusted. Jill stuff her face in his chest and moaned. The gray-furred ratfolk scratched at his back.

She looked up at him, “Bjorn, y-you’re gonna cum inside me, right?” She begged him over and over again to cum inside her. Bjorn squeezed her ass tighter, and moved a finger to her asshole. He began prodding it, she yelped. “N-not there! No!”, she cried. 

The Norseman inserted his index finger into her ass, she moaned. This was something new, she wasn’t sure if she liked it, but it sent shock all over her. Bjorn’s cock was already brutally fucking her pussy, now his finger was in her ass. She reeled back and let out cry as she came. Jill felt Bjorn’s cock quake inside her and a stream of his seed shot into her. It was so much more than before. 

Bjorn lied her down and pulled his twitching cock out of her. An ample amount of his seed flowed out of her cunt. He sat in front of the panting ratgirl. Jill sat up and spread her legs wide, she began fingering herself. “Bjorn’s sperm can’t leave my body. It feels nice and warm inside me.”, she thought as she forced his cum back in. She fixed her gaze over to Bjorn, he was stroking his cock back to a massive erection. The gray-furred ratfolk smiled, she bite her lip. 
Jill turned around got on all fours, she was still fingering her pussy. “Well, what are you waiting for you dumb stud?”, she moved her tail aside and spread her pussy lips for him. She did an admirable job of forcing the northerner’s semen back in. Bjorn slapped and grabbed her ass, Jill let out a squeak. The Norseman then began drumming his massive cock on her ass. Jill felt Bjorn’s cock bounce off her, she could have easily mistaken his cock for an adamantine rod. When he finished bouncing his dick off her ass, he forced himself in. Jill bit her lips, she began slam her hips against his groin. 

Jill’s hips motivated Bjorn to fuck her faster, he slammed his hips into hers. The two did this for what felt like hours, until Bjorn started to lose his self-control. He growled, and yanked Jill’s arms back. He started to thrust savagely, “I’m going to make you my personal cumdumpster. You’re going to take all of it, my little mouse.” 

Jill moaned, “F-fuck, fuck, fuck. Yes! Please, Bjorn! Dump your cum inside me!” The ratgirl attempted to bounce her hips off his cock, but the Norseman’s thrusting was too powerful. Bjorn grunted and roared as he felt the ratgirl’s pussy tighten around his massive cock. Bjorn, grabbed her neck and kissed her, their tongues wrestled with each other. 

Bjorn gritted his teeth, “You want my cum, my little mouse?” Jill squeaked in ecstasy, “Yes! Pour your fucking cum inside me! I want you to fuck me and break me again! Fuck me!” The ratgirl cried as she came, her entire body spasming as she lost control.. Bjorn thrusted violently into her, cumming in the process. He gave a few hard thrusts, making sure each drop of his cum struck her womb. Bjorn placed both his hands on Jill’s hips as he pulled out. The two of them collapsed from Bjorn’s weight in a heap of heat, sweat, and breathing. 

Jill spread her legs and began fingering her pussy. She wasn’t going to let a single drop leave her insides. As she fingered herself, she looked at Bjorn. He was lying next to her with an arm over her chest. He was breathing heavily. Jill grabbed his cock and began stroking it with her free hand. Bjorn looked at her, he was tired.
Jill smiled cheerfully, “Bjorn. Your little mouse still has some energy left in her.” Bjorn warmly smiled and wrapped his arms around her waist. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bjorn woke up sitting nude under a tree. He felt the warm touch of Jill’s naked body. She cooed and slept peacefully on his lap. She had her tail tucked between her legs and her arms wrapped around her body. Jill’s tiny head nuzzled against his chest. 

He smiled, and pat down her. As long as she was safe and happy. As long as he could protect her.

As long as he didn’t hurt her.