On another shitty day the rain poured down into the city.
The morning sun hid behind clouds and the sounds of raindrops hitting the roof of the van stirred him into consciousness.
He sat on the floor while pressing his back against the cold tin wall.
Rubbing his eyes in a attempt to dispel the hangover.
Looking around his home he found himself surrounded by trinkets, concoctions and other junk.
All hanging from different perch’s in a disorganized array.
It’s a bit claustrophobic but that’s life on the road.

“The contraband man”, he would prefer other nicknames but that one is the best for branding.
The provider to the humans by the humans, an average Joe that knows the common man.
Many came to him for his miracle products to keep away the anthros. 
Most are human supremacist, bitter hermits or people who just want to find true love instead of being fucked into marriage.
His heart and wallet are moved by all.
It is his sacred mission to arm the men of the world with the tools that fill help them.
As long as they could pay the reasonable price of salvation.
That sounded righteous until the end.
Many ask why he doesn’t have a hussy?
Because he is free.

Having made a small mental recap of who he was and the reason he owed money to a loan shark.
He don his trademark trench coat, some worn down fedora and crawl to the exit pushing away the scattered junk in his way.
Opening the doors of the van let the cold air of the city fill his lungs.
The brake lights of cars stuck on the morning traffic jam at the bridge served as the dawn.
The sagging buildings of the bay as the forest.
Truly, nature is beautiful.
With his energies refreshed and an empty stomach he left to search for his next sell.


… 


The rain eventually eased, leaving the city under a grey sky.
He had managed to make sells of his popular fragrances to some overprotective mother.
And now he was sweetening the deal to a biker getting too much attention from the police.

“I guarantee you, this lemon skin cologne will get the body snatchers auff your arse. And if you get 4 I’ll hook you a 7% discount with ma cousins workshop so you can put spikes in your leatha jacket, that way they can’t pounce aun you. What you say? It’s a steal fah aunly 95 bucks, it’s basically a robbary”  

The man, although a bit suspicious gave him the money.
He began handing him his colognes and complementing his decision-making skills when someone screamed at them.

“Stop right there criminal scum!” 

He turned to see a white lizard girl in uniform pointing a weapon at them, blocking one of the entrances of the alleyway.
She is was looking directly at him, ignoring the pleads of the client.

“Aw jizzum, a gatdamn raptor!”

He turned around looking to the other exit, its clear and less than a 100 m. He wager he could make that sprint.

“You'll never catch me alive, copper!”

He dashed past the stuttering biker leaving him behind with a stunned cop.
He heard her curse and start running after him while calling for backup.
He made a sharp turn entering the main street. 
he may be faster, but he has the power of random bullshit from the coat.
He only needed to empty two bottles of lube in the street before hearing her and several bystanders fall.
Turning his head around with a victorious smile he observes the chaos he left behind.
His pursuer lies on the floor trying to push away another anthro that fell on her.
The figure slowly becoming smaller as he gains distance. 

 *CRASH*

Everything turned black, confusion plagued him for a second, then he started choking.
He grasped for air as the darkness clouding your eyes dissipated.
He laid on the asphalt of the road.
A wrecked car a few feet in front of him.
‘Well shit’ looking to his chest he saw a few ribs poking out.
He thanks god for adrenalin because the shock is preventing him from feeling anything.
Well that’s a lie, it's getting harder to breathe.  

The cold stated creeping up his broken legs, each time he inhaled there’s a bit less air entering him.
His thoughts raced searching for a way out but found none.
“I´m going to die here, in a puddle of rainwater and blood.”
He looked at the sky, the buildings that reach for the clouds seem ever so taller each time he closed his eyes. 
A few of the bystanders got close to him, their faces contorted in shock probably.
He wished he could see the state he is on, but none of his muscles would respond.
“Hey, there’s the raptor gal, she looks scared” he thinks to himself.
She sat by his side, panicking and trying to apply pressure to the bleeding wounds.
He grunted in discomfort.

“Chum, can you not? hurts” his words came out in a slur, wheezing as he tried to maintain consciousness.

Her hands raised to cover her sobbing face.
He tried to think something nice to say, but feel too tired to speak. 

His arms feel numb to the creeping chill of death that now reached his spine. 
He reflected about his situation.
“Well shit, I’m going to die surrounded by strangers, the smell of blood mixed with motor oil and with a crying woman by my side… Not bad, I always thought I would end up in a dich.” 
The cold finally reached his head, giving him the sensation of freezing as he choked in his own blood.
All his final grasps for air meet failure and he died under the sounds of the city, steering him into the grave. 

….

Darkness surrounded him and an odd metallic smell fills the room.
“Aren’t I supposed to be dead?"
He starts moving, nothing hurts, yet he soon realizes he is trapped in some kind of metallic coffin.
Running the fingers through the walls doesn’t reveal anything but he notices he is naked.

“AAAAH! What they do to me when I was aut cold!?”

His scream echoed in the container hurting his ears, he made a mental note to not do that again.
He panicked, someone has taken his coat with all the stuff, and more importantly, all his weed!
He frantically began searching for a exit.
A kick reveals that the bottom was loose.
Through willpower and almost spraining his ankle he opened the hatch and crawled outside.

The white sterile lights blind him for a second while he stands naked on a tiled floor.
This… this is a morgue
Checking his body, he could see scars all over the chest and legs.
He looked around, confused by what was happening.
Nothing is out of place except for a suspicious wooden chair in the middle of the room.
On top are all his belongings.
It looks and feels like a trap, but it beats being naked, so he armed himself with valor and yanked the stuff.

Once finally dressed he began to search for an exit. 
“Hello, i have been waiting for you.”
He jumped in surprise, is eye darting into the darkness behind him, searchimg for the origin of the voice.
Movement draw his gaze as an anthro goat emerging from the corner of his eye.
Her black fur riddle with scar tissue and two onyx bat wing on her back.
The unnatural beast smiles with the fangs of a deep sea creature.
He debates between screaming in abject horror or growing a boner at her nude visage.
Her large breasts pierced with some golden nails and connected by a  chain.
He is not brave enough to make his eyes wander lower.

He broke the silence “so the devil is real, and an anthro?”

She chuckled, she begins speaking to him in a melodious yet broken voice, as if several people were talking at the same time.
“You have been a naughty boy, and now i have found myself in the possession of your soul.”

As if the shadows bended for her, she produced from thin air a pendant with a purplish crystal.
She paced around him while she spoke.
“I'm a huge fan of your work if i my say so, and i have taken the liberty to bring you back to offer you my patronage. If you accept this offer and do a few jobs for me i will grant you a more ... comfortable position upon your passing.”

He spoke up “I don’t wanna be rude, but shouldn’t ma soul go to the humie devil. Why you have mine?”

Her smile grew while she looked at him.
“Don’t worry, you are mine alone.”

Her sharp canines instilled on him a great fear so he decided to walk back a bit.
He carefully considered his options, knowing they could mark his future.



                                           =[Agree to the deal]=

His thought drifted between the answers he could give, she was bigger and stronger so fighting her would be difficult.
But on the other hand her offer wasn’t bad.
The argument of not being tormented by the goat demon after kicking the bucket was very convincing.

“Sounds like a good deal. I'm sure with your beutee you could get anything so what you need me for, chief?”

Her hands rose to her face as if playing with an idea in her head.

“Such eagerness to please.”

The devil started walking up to him, her nude form in deep contrast with the fluorescent light that flickered with her heavy step.
He started to sweat as the amazonian woman approached him with a sadistic smile. 
She stood a head above him, her wings expanded leaving the man submerged in darkness.
He could only see two flaming dots as he tried to shrink away into the shadows.
Her breath echoed his as two monstrous hands grabbed him by the shoulders and pulled him closer.
He wondered how a goat was sinking claws into him, a gnawing pain spread from where his skin was pierced.

He decided to play the flattery card in a desperate attempt to save his dick.
“H-have you eva been told you have beautiful peepers Chief?”

His lips parted as she kissed him, her tongue overwhelming him with force and a metallic taste.
His legs lost their strength when she lifted him a few inches off the ground.
He struggled trying to get a breath of air, but she only doubled her strength.
Finally, she released her grip, letting him stumble into the floor.
“Keep being a good boy and I will give you more. I’ll keep in touch.”

His gaze followed her chubby hips and their enthralling movement as they disappeared into the darkness.
He sat on the floor for a few minutes, recovering from the abrupt assault.
His first goal was to get out of there.

…

Night had taken over the city, brighter than the actual day.
It pounced on the senses of the onlookers, overwhelming them with neo-posters and extravagant signs.
The demon had forgotten to mention that he had been dead for a week.
During which time, his van had been towed because it was parked on some unloading area for too long.
And to top it off he had missed his payment to Pixie, if she found him without the money, she would probably break an arm or two.
Not a good situation to be in considering he had missed a weeks’ worth of sells.

He was now walking through the slums of the city, looking for shelter in the only place he knew how to go.
Avoiding the main streets and keeping himself low he forged a path through the concrete jungle.
His gloomy procession finally stopped when it reached its destination.
A pawn shop tucked between dirty alleys and brothels.
 “Gutters cove”
His second home.

Pushing open the glass door, he entered the building.
The bell on the door rang signaling his presense. 
The strong smell of perfume invaded his nostrils as he made his way to the counter.
The best way to describe the store would be as a jewelry mixed with an antique store and a sex toy store.

“Hello?”
He was alone in the store except for the porcelain doll that gave him the creeps.
He walked around a bit before he heard a response come from behind the bead curtain.
"I’ll be there in a second dearie, look around if you are searching for something."
"Bertha, It’s me"

All sounds stopped, he could feel the tension rise.
The head of a anthro cow slowly poked through the curtain.
Her jaw dropped in disbelief, her words stuttering out of her mouth.
“B-but, b-but...”
He chuckled “Why the face Beth, I aunly been aut a week.”

The woman fully entered the room wearing an angry expression.
Her brow fur covered her whole body, strands of white hair scattered across it.
She only wore a pink apron that barely contained her voluptuous breasts. 
“Don’t Beth me! You were dead! It was all over the news, asshole!”
“Well, it ain’t me.”
“Don’t you dare bullshit me young man! There were pictures of you, there’s been riots over this and, and … HOW?!?”

‘well shit’ was the only thing that came to his mind, this was going to be a problem.
On the bright side he reasoned that Pixie wouldn’t be searching for him.
He decided to play a bit with her since there was no point yet in telling the truth.

“I sweah, I’ll find a way to explain, but did you really miss my ass that hard?”   
She gave him a motherly smile as she hid her face behind her hands.
Her shoulders shook as she leaned her weight against the counter making it creak.
"You bastard, what brings you here?"
"Could you let me spend a night here?"
She just a laugh.

"You can rest on the sofa, although Sofie’s in the room upstairs.”
“Beth, stop trying to ruin your daughter’s life. We both know it’s a bad ideah.”
She just gave him a smirk before leaving him alone with his thoughts and a small pool of milk in the counter.

He entered the cattle’s lair.
A familiar and strange place where you never knew where the store ended and where the house began.
He sat in a rustic living room.
Bertha had already climbed upstairs, leaving him alone in the dimly lit house.
Using one of the blankets left on the sofa, he settled down and let himself be carried away by sleep.
The static noise of TV filled his mind.

The nightmares of his accident allowed him only a few hours of rest before he left the picturesque home in the first hours of the morning.
He would have liked to say goodbye, but he had too much to do and fear.
 
…

The sun rose in the city, driving away the few drunks and drug dealers who had not yet withdrawn from the night scene.
The morning mist slid away with the entrance of the first rays of the sun and the heat from the guts of the industry that was woke up with the early morning.
The only sounds were that of some seagulls, garbage trucks, and shouts of outrage and indignation at a municipal warehouse.

"Whatcha mean the fine is 380 bucks ?!?"
The bored receptionist continued her paperwork without looking up.
She adjusted her glasses to reread the documents she was handling.
She was an anthro bird, her lithe body was covered in colorful feathers, mostly hidden beneath a open blouse.
"It says here that you left the van wrongfully parked and it has been in the warehouse for 5 days. You have to pay for the tow and the stay."

Her feathery hands pushed some papers to him.
“Come on girl, what can I do to get my van back, its my life in there!”
Her eyes twitch in annoyance, directing her eyes at him for the first time since he got there.
She abruptly stopped, inspecting him closer as if some hidden gem had just been discovered under her nose.
“Well, you better pay the fine then. Unless you have something better to offer.”
Her tongue traveled across the edges of her beak, in a eerie display that sended a cold jolt down his spine.
He took a step back, keeping a smile while he thought of changing career into a gigolo.
He could probably make more money at the cost of his sanity.

 He had now to decide how to best deal with the voracious bird.

-------------[eat her out]

His mind was a bit confused by how quickly she had come on.
But knowing how things were and swallowing what little pride a scammer must have, he decided to play along.
He dressed himself with confidence plus a smile and leaned against the counter.
"Of course, a lady like you must feel very lonely locked in that office. If you would just let me pass, I will show you how much better it is with company"
Her feathers fluttered with excitement, her hand pointed to the right.
"The door is open charmer"

A few steps to the side of the cubicle and turning the knob he entered the small room, insulated by shelves of papers and heated by an old computer.
The feathered woman sat waiting for him.
As he drew closer, her hands caressed his cheeks.
She bended over to whisper in his ear, "Good call."
She nipped at his bottom lip before kissing her way to the jawline. The lingering make out left him quickly. Her hands guiding his head down between her thighs.
The sensation of the soft flesh pressing against his ears, her cunt against his lips.
His tongue began exploring the velvety folds in front of him.
The anthro wriggle excitedly, jolts of pleasure dampening her senses. 
Soft cawing and heat was all the world for him.
The birds caresses it filled his perception in a display of affection 
His movements eventually bring her to orgasm with a sharp squawk
A moment of silence between them, she flopped back onto her seat with her arms dangling as she caught her breath.
The air was already damp, but it was even warmer now. 
Her black, eyes observe his crotch’s, aroused through the heat of the action.

The sound of keys hitting the ground was the first to break her silence.
"Come visit handsome"
He took the keys and left the cubicle still soaked in feminine fluids.
At least today I don't have to mask my scent, he thought to himself.

…

The sun was high on the city, illuminating the dirty alleys of the under construction slums with the crushing stench of uncollected garbage.
The predator held her breath as she made her way through the alleys to the pawn shop.
Pushing open the glass door, she entered the building.
The doorbell drowned out by her voices when it rang
"Bertha! Where is that worm. I know he’s been here!"
The smell of incense blocked her nostrils so his eyes, frantic in search of their prey, began to roam the entire room.
She began to walk in circles, her nerves betrayed her and her anger brought out her teeth.
Her face was shark-like in shape, with a snout decorated with two nasal holes. 
The smooth and hairless skin slightly reflected the odd light of the establishment.
The casual 3-piece suit had a hole in its backside for a shark-tail to trails down to the ground
The cashier emerged from the depths of the store covered in a loose dress and a cloud of smoke from her cigar.
"Which one Pixie, there are many who crawl here."
The predator snorted, letting its tail rest on the ground.
"The one who was supposed to be dead Bertha, they've seen him."
Bertha closed her eyes letting out another puff of smoke, her smile twisted showing a hint of concern.
“He passed the night here, but I don't know anything else. He will appear, he always does. "
Pixie gritted her teeth, fighting her frustration.

With a sigh of defeat the shark started to leave the building.
"Tell him I'm going for him."
"Don't go too hard on the Pixie, you know how delicate humies are."
"Don't worry, I'll just break his arm."
Bertha watched the hunter for a few seconds until she reached the door.
“Won’t you stay for a while. Long time no talk."
The loan shark silhouette wavered for a moment before turning with a soft laugh.
"I guess I can wait for him here while we exchange stories about the louts we've seen."

…

The merchant was sitting in the back of his van in the parking lot of a 7/11.
Having cleaned and replaced the damp clothes with a festive mistletoe red sweater.
His hand went up to touch the swelling on his head that had given himself when he slammed against the ceiling in his fright at the intruder in front of him.
Adrenaline ran through his veins, breaking the little string of voice that managed to slip between his lips.
"Hi boss."
The devil sat in the passenger seat, smiling mischievously at him. 
Her broad hips overflowed the small space of the chair.
Spots of embers scattered in patches around her fur, and a faint smell of burned wood filled the vehicle.
“I have found your first job. Two streets to the east there is a bench, on which sits a sad lady. Make some company for her. "
His eyebrow shot up in disbelief.
"That’s it?"
She simply nodded, which made him more alarmed.
He just got out of the van, and started to walk without worrying about having left the devil locked in his van.
She had entered without him realizing it, so she would probably know how to get out.
He wondered what kind of person was going to have to interact.
His mind imagined the multiple scenarios as he walked through the city.
The reality left him more horrified than anything he could have thought.
His hair stood on end at the sight of the scaly white figure sitting on the indicated bench at the edge of a park.
The albino raptor was unmistakable, and luckily it hadn't seen him, but now his mind race with fear and curses towards his demonic patron.

------------------------
Inventory; 
Cash = 1 
Contraband = 6 (+4)
Health/moral = 2  (-1)
 
Relations (From -5 [Really bad] to 5 [really good]) 
Reputation(Humans)      =  1 
Reputation(Anthros)     = -2 
Satan(Goat)(Boss)      =  2
Bertha(Cow)(Supplier)   =  2 
Pixie(Shark)(Loan shark)= -3

//I don't like how my writing style is turning up so i'm going to take a break. -I will be translating some manuals for /tg/ in the meantime. Maybe i will post them here, hate me in the wait if you want-
nevermind, i went and i'm running an actual quest, no porn... somehow is less stressfull. //