As the airship cuts its path through the clouds, you sit in your seat, stomach bubbling with all sorts of emotions: excitement, anxiety, fear, and the works. You are Anon Y. Mous, beginner gunman and soon-to-be explorer of the Farway Valley Labyrinth. Many eager souls looking for new life and opportunities find themselves drawn to this maze, filled with undiscovered mysteries, and you'd say you're nothing less of an eager soul Sweat begins to find themselves gathering on your hands, and you wipe your palms on your long coat for the 374th time. Yes, you have been counting how many times you wiped your hands to pass the time and relieve your nervousness. No, it is not helping.
"You look prepared," a stoic, yet feminine voice says next to you.
Looking up, you find yourself face-to-face with a black nose, attached to a snout, attached to a head, followed by an armored body. The stranger appears to be a lynx anthro, who is currently invading your personal space. You've never lived in an area with anthros, so you're unsure whether this is a cultural thing or not.
 
[ACTION]
[SKILL]
[INVENTORY]
 
>Author's Note: Reply with an option and specify what you want to do. For example, right now we can say [ACTION] and respond to the lynx in whatever manner we want or say [SKILL] to see what we have and what we can use.
 
>>Give her a friendly greeting, and ask for her name.
 
You clear your throat and put up your best leader voice, "Uh, hello there, and who might you be?"
"Jamie," the feline responds.
Jamie then proceeds to stare at you, wordless. Her cerulean eyes seem to pierce through your very being. 'The silent type, then,' you guess, and it seems that you'll need to talk a lot more to keep this from being more awkward than you like. "I'm Anon. So, what brings you to this trip?"
"Money."
"And what will you be doing to earn money?"
"Exploring."
Figures. "As?"
Out of nowhere, Jamie pulls out a crude, rectangular hunk of metal from behind her. The thing is nearly her size. "Being a protector." You decide not to question how you didn't notice it earlier.
"That's dandy...Why did you say I look prepared?"
"Dunno. I think it's the beard on ya. Maybe it's the revolver. I have a hard time reading humans. Your people all have small eyes."
And here you thought you'll be misappropriating cultures.
 
 
 
>>Anyway, let's see our [SKILL]s for future reference. Maybe Anon has some charisma/diplomacy up his sleeves?
 
SPECIALTY: Western Aim
>You feel more at ease knowing a gun's by your side. It's not a bloodlust thing. You have more proficiency in firearms than regular people.
 
ATTACK: Fire wildly
>The name says it all. You unload all your shots into a direction or a target. Highly inaccurate because, well, your hand's flying all over the place.
 
BUFF: Sharpest eye
>Temporarily heightens your sight to inhuman levels. Let's you read small labels companies like to hide on products. Can only be use 3 times a day.
 
We will be gaining more skills and evolve some of them as we progress, and I'll put up a separate paste to keep track of them. For now, let's go back to Jamie.
 
 
>>[INVENTORY]<check inventory>
>>[ACTION]Also <set objective>
 
Your coat pockets contain 4 servings of painkillers and a simple cloth sack, holding roughly 500 drachma, the currency used by most nations. As of now, 500 drachma could buy you a few day's stay at an inn. Another larger sack contains a few set of clothes, each made to pair with your coat. You figured that if you're gonna be a gunman, you might as well be a relatively fashionable one.
Your objective? Well, you hadn't really thought of a major one, yet. Striking it rich in the Labyrinth is everyone's dream, but none have ever made it a reality. You need a guild to start exploring, though, so making, or joining a guild would be your current goal.
 
MAIN OBJECTIVE SET: MAKE/JOIN A GUILD