>The year is 144 B.V, Bello Victam, after arrival and conquest of the new realm, and the founding of Nova Roma.
>Nova Roma, built from nothing by the first legion transported by unknown means to these unknown lands filled with creatures none dared thought existed.  
>Separated from their Mother Country, the legion has fallen onto basic protocol:  conquest of the surrounding lands, establishing a Roman Colony and expanding outwards until contact with Rome is reestablished.
>The first to fall was the Northwestern plains of Platum Aurum.  Vast fields of fertile soil inhabited by roaming tribes of deerfolk that walked upright and spoke in very human tongues.  It was conquered and re purposed into vast farmlands to feed the growing colony.  The deerfolk were captured en masse and taken back to Rome in chains to serve as the first slaves of this new empire.
>Next were the woods of the west.  Hidden in the trees were towns of wolf-men.  Primitive and aggressive, they fought tooth and nail to resist Roman expansion, but their wild howling and sharp claws fell to organized men and cold iron.  Their towns were captured or razed, survivors enslaved, and the trees felled to build the first structures of Nova Roma.
>Then came the Southern wastes, rich with marble and stone.  Filled with canines similar to the wolf-men, but spotted and their cackles could be heard for miles.  The Nubian auxiliaries of the first Legion called them Hyenas, and hyena-men they were called.
>The exploits of the legions reached their ears, and many clans chose alliance rather than war.
>They became clients of Rome.  Their land was ours.   Their enemies were ours.  We helped them scour the wastes of hostile hyena-clans, their matriarchs and their daughters sharing the fate of the deerfolk and the wolf-men.  Your grandfather made a name for himself during the Hyena war.
>His exploits and the exploits of your father in the Second and Third Hyena war would see your family rise to the status of Patrician in Nova Roma.

>You are Anon Anonymous Curio, 4th son of Anon Anonymous Curio Scaeva, son of Anon Anonymous Taurus of Nova Roma.
>Your eldest brother is set to inherit responsibility of the family property, handling its finances and managing its assets.
>Your second brother is training to be a senator in the Forum Imperialls.
>The third has already left to enlist in the legions as a tribune for fortune and glory.
>That leaves you, the youngest son.  
>Your duty is simply to not tarnish the family name, and use your trust fund responsibly to live a quiet life in the family villa in Platum Aurum.
>You think on this as you are roused from slumber.  
>"Master Anon, you're expected."
>You rise from bed to see Appia, your personal slave.
>She was given to you when you were a child.  She was a pup herself, enslaved from the hyena clans.
>She grew up with you as your servant, partner-in-crime, and later bodyguard.  
>She ate with you, learned Latin and Greek with you, slept with you, and learned to ride, swim, and fight with you.
>She was always helping you in your plans and plots, stealing everything from fresh baked rolls to exquisite silks.
>If anything, she was more like your sister than slave.
>Life in the family Anonymous Curio has been kind to her. As a child she was smaller than you, just fur and bones.  
>Now she was a head and a half taller, a model specimen of a Hyena matriarch, tightly wound muscle showing subtly along her supple body, a healthy coat of brown, black spotted fur.
    >However unlike her wild cousins who did their hair in dreadlocks, Appia had her dirty blonde hair fixed in a straight fashion, letting flow from her head like water.  At least that’s how she prefers it.
    >Today she is setting up in a ‘wild wolf-warrior’ way, pointed in spikes held in place by lard.
    >She only does this on market days, when she wants to project ‘Wild Barbarian Bodyguard’.
    >She even dresses for the part, eschewing her favorite red robe for simple leather gloves, sandals, and belts to hold her weapon in place, leaving her naked body bare for all to see.  Her melon sized breasts hang from above a pair of leather straps, supported by nothing, and her black pussy lips form a symmetrical cleft between her legs.
    >And somewhere under that fur is a collar of iron and gold, wrought specifically for her.
    >Had she been anyone else, she’d be considered a prostitute, but as a wolven wilding of the west, none would give her a second glance.

>Appia tosses you your robe for the day.  "Your brother will be coming in an hour, I recommend Master finishes his morning duties by then to meet him."
>Oh right.  Your eldest brother is coming to inspect the farms your family owns.  Quickly you don your robes, make a quick prayer at the family shrine, and down a cup of spiced wine to wake yourself.  Appia never leaves your side during all this.
>Appia is next to you when your brother arrives.  "Anon!" he calls as you open the door, arms open.
>"Anon!" you call back and welcome his embrace.  "Brother, it has been too long!"
>"And I'll be here too short" he says "My duties call me back to Nova Roma tomorrow.  I'm afraid I'll be busy all day and cannot join you."
>"A shame, there is supposed to be quite the spectacle today at the arena.  Marcus Livius is reenacting the Battle of Lupus Amentia.
>"Are you sure you should go on your own then?" your brother asks with concern.  You smile.  Even after all these years, he still treats you like his baby brother.
>"Don't worry, Appia will be with me" you gesture to your personal slave who bows to your brother.  That seems to calm him down.
>As your brother retreats upstairs Appia saunters up to you, unable to keep a grin off her face anymore.
>"You aren't actually going to the games" she prods.  You respond by grabbing a handful of her ass, and she stiffens.
>"Of course not" you reply.  "Just a few errands before we retire to the ‘hole' for some fun."
>Appia can barely contain her excitement as she follows you down the road.

>It isn’t even noon and the town is already bustling with activity.
>Merchants from Nova Roma ply their trade, selling goods from the capital and traders from the next town over peddle trinkets and novelties for bargain prices.
>In the darker alleys, deer and wolf females sell their bodies to passers by, wearing little to nothing aside from silvered or gold chains around their necks, wrists, and ankles, a thin sheet of wool covering their nethers, their breasts laid bare.  
>Even over the din of trade, you can make out the sound of grunting men, and moaning women as the whores sell themselves.
>The guard, made of deer-auxiliaries and local Roman levies, look the other way, and their purses are heavier for it.
>Citizens and slaves wander the streets on their daily errands, buying and selling from the merchants.  Man and Beast intermixed.  A Hyena draped in the robes of a Patrician buys several vases of spiced wine, held up by a palanquin of deer-folk slaves.
>Young boys, three humans, four deer, and a wolf, rush through the streets on their way to the local schola.  The headmaster is very liberal with the crop and doesn’t tolerate tardiness.  
>A wolf-woman is buying produce for her house slaves to prepare for her husband’s dinner tonight.  From the way she haggles, she is certainly experienced with merchants trying to swindle her for being a wolf.
>A human senator is followed by a mob of sycophants and hanger ons as he makes his way to the bathhouse.
>You take this all in as the crowd melts around you, giving your and your bodyguard a wide berth.  Appia’s snarling face, and long spear making even the town guard change direction as you approach.  
>Occasionally she needs to make herself clear no one touches you, madmen and beggars pushed aside, and even once grabbing a pickpocket and dangling him upside down till you recover your purse.
>It helps make your shopping that much easier.  Oil for lamps, sweet meats, incense, dried sweetened feral pork.  A very basic list for a discriminating patrician.  
>You can see Appia’s eyes twinkle as you pack your provisions away, the faintest smile cracking at the edge of her lips.
>None of your supplies are making it home.  It’s all for the ‘hole’.

>Your 'hole' or ‘hidey hole’ was a pet name for a hiding place you found in your youth.  
>A network of caverns in the hills behind your villa, inaccessible unless you knew of a crevice that was obscured by brush and tall grass, you and Appia had amassed enough stolen goods to make the caverns a nice getaway
>A number of smaller caverns make for a good storage for trinkets and baubles that interested you in the past, while the central chamber provided a home away from home for you.
>A tall roof with a hole open to the sky providing light during the day, and full moon nights, an underground lake, water pouring in from Jupiter knows where, and pouring out to you don’t care letting you bathe to your heart’s content, and an open space where you’ve built a private chamber.
>Silks and cushions arranged into a makeshift bed, bronze lamps refilled with oil hanging from scones hammered in with tools you ‘borrowed’ from the villa, bowls and cups, decanters, and pitchers, all arranged haphazardly to make a bedroom built big enough for two.
>When you are sure no one sees you two, you squeeze into the entrance, Appia close behind.  She struggles slightly, given her size, but you wait patiently for her, taking her hand when she needs help.
>You finally arrive, Appia huffing as she strips herself down, removing the leather trappings and jumping into the lake.  She sighs in relief as the water washes away the smell of old leather, sweat, and stale animal fat.
>You join her, slowly wading into your private pool, quietly sneaking up behind her.
>She tenses when she feels your hands snake up her arms, massaging her shoulders until the tension is released.  She moans as you make your way to the clasp on her collar.
>”M-master Anon I-”
>”Ah!” you chide as you undo the clasp, taking it off.  Appia reaches up and feels her bare neck.  You reach up and whisper in her ear.  “I don’t need titles while we’re here.”
>This is what excited Appia the most about visiting the hole.  She became more than a slave, more than your sister.  Here, Appia was your lover.


>”S-sorry Ma-I mean.  Sorry Anon.” she replies quietly.  You continue to knead her shoulders, her moans getting louder as she melts into you.  
>You move down under her arms, cupping her breasts, and squeezing them gently, hanging on every gasp she makes when you flick her hardened nipples.
>Her hands wrap around yours, fingers interlocking as she presses you closer to her, mashing her wet orbs into her chest.
>She guides one of your hands to her crotch, letting your fingers slide against her vulva.
>Appia gasps when she feels you harden against her ass.  She lets your hand free to explore her depth as she reaches behind to grasp your erection.  She runs her fingers up and down your length, her pads still soft despite years of hard training feel like rich silk against your skin.
>Meanwhile you insert a finger into her.  Then two.  “Anon!” she calls out, her climax approaching.
>Her legs clamp down on your hand, Her thighs holding you in place like a vice.
>Her body shakes, her grip on your penis tightens as an orgasm rocks her body.
>And just as quickly it passes, the rushing stream already washing her juices away.
>”Oh Anon” she sighs “It’s been too long.”
>”It’s only been two days since we last did this.” you tease.
>”And that’s two days too many” she shoots back, turning to face you.  “But I’ll admit, it’s the wait that makes it so good.”
>She leans in for a kiss, and you meet her halfway, lips parting as your tongues dance across each other.
>”Oh but Anon, you didn’t get a chance” she says, stroking your still stiff cock.  You stop her.
>”Like you said Appia, it’s the wait.”

>The sun is starting to set when you have everything prepared.
>Appia dries herself off from her bath as you light the lamps, and ignite the incense.
>As you finish, Appia lies back on the bed, legs spread, inviting you over.  You don’t need anymore prompt. 
>You crawl onto the bed on top of her, kissing her waiting lips as she pulls you in for a warm embrace, your cock sliding perfectly into place ‘tween her wet folds.
>Like warm velvet, her inner walls wrap around your length as you sink deeper and deeper until you are hilted within her.
>Not once does she break your kiss, a hand firmly holding you in place at the back of your head, desperately breathing you in as if your scent gives her life.
>In and out you thrust into her.  In and out, your pelvis slaps against her crotch, her black vaginal lips leaking its love juices across your stomach with every push.
>”MmmmInnneeedyouAmmmmAnon....” she manages to say between kisses.  ”Mnnninsidememmghugh.  Pleasennngh”
>You oblige, as your thrusts get faster, and more intense until you can hold it no longer.
>You both climax as you release thick rope of your heady seed deep into Appia’s needy womb, her body sucking and milking at your penis for much as it can get.

>When finally you are spent, your balls empty, you collapse on top of her, holding each other close as you catch your breaths.
>You hold your hyena lover close in a tight embrace as the moon begins to illuminate your hole in a soft blue glow. 
>Appia stirs in your arms.  “Will your brother suspect anything.”
>You stroke her hair and kiss her lightly on the forehead. “I left a note this morning in his room, telling him I will be partying with friends all night and not to expect me back home until morning.
>”That’s good” she whispers, snuggling close.  “How much longer?” she asks.
>”How much longer what?”
>”How much longer must we pretend?  Everyday I can’t hold you like this is agony.  I see wolves and deer in the market doting over their human husbands and it is like a knife in my stomach when I see their children playing so happily with each other.  When can I stop being your slave and start being your wife?”
>She asks you this each time you meet in the hole.  You hold her close and assure her.  “When father hands the last of his business power to my brother.  Then he will have no ability to forbid us.  All he can do is grumble.”
>”Will your brother accept?”
>”You see how often he frequents the Horny Stag in Nova Roma, and how he comes home smelling of doe.  He will approve.”
>Your answer calms Appia, and she smiles, licking your chest in affection.
>”You’re hard again” she teases.
>”You didn’t think I’d be satisfied with just one did you?” you ask her.
>Appia smiles as she rolls on her back, waiting for you to mount her.  “I’d be disappointed if you were.”
>You continue to make love to Appia throughout the night, her moans echoing through the cavern like sweet music.