[theme https://youtu.be/Naj2e77k2Zo]
The prequel to this story https://pastebin.com/nrPLDcqx

Since the confession on stage, the media and press have stopped caring and moved onto the next latest scoop, it's now winter time, Vikki is wrapping up her Christmas single and is now shooting the music video up in the Canadian mountains on a ski resort. She doesn't tour any more and only does songs when she feels like them. Instead of a fancy celebrity hotel, Vikki has rented out a cabin not to far away from the filming location, you wait until she's done for the day filming, watching the sunny blue sky go down, making a warming hot cup of Macchiato, sitting in a noisy brown leather chair and falling asleep by the warm crackling fire;You're woken from your slumber from a chilly breeze and sound of a door opening, it was a smiling, (but cold looking) Vikki.



"Bbbbrrrr~ it's cold out there!, lucky you; Staying inside in our getaway cabin while I work out in the cold and you wait here in the warm?, doesn't seem like fair deal." She smirks as she puts her snow covered jacket on the coat-rack and slides onto the arm of your arm chair as she wraps her arm around your shoulder and kisses you with her ice cold nose pressing into your cheek.

"Well It's not that good, I've been bored  waiting for you having nothing but coffee and a fire for company.... it's been very traumatic." you say humourously as you kiss her fluffy cheek as you scootch over making room for her, she turns her body resting on your lap, her legs dangling from the side, the leather creaking at every turn and movement. Vikki rests her head under your chin.

"Thanks for being here Anon it means a lot to me that you came." she softly speaks barely hearable over the sound of the fire and the ambient wind outside. "Say no to a romantic getaway in the mountains, just us?... this is heaven."

You stoke her arm softly to keep her warm and feel her warm silky fur, you listen to the sound of her heart-beat beating away, you both state out through the big frosted window and look at the starry night sky, you let out a blissful sigh and start to close your eyes grabbing the Vixen tight to your chest.

"Hey Anon it's really beautiful outside shall we go see the please.~" her tail wags mildly on the wooden floor like a brush. You couldn't say no to that cute vixen when she gets all excited.

"Okay, but just for a little bit, it's even colder at night so just for a little bit alright." She jumps off your lap like a happy child and puts on her coat as fast as she can and rushes outside and your body stretching and moving again follow the impatient vixen out into the cold snow.


The view was spectacular; The town miles away leaving the start night in all its glory, the snow was glistening in the pearl white moon like diamonds scattered in the ground, Vikki looks around and up at the stars, the sound of the crunching snow from her boots.

You think this would be the perfect time for what you were planning to do; The scenery is breathtaking, she's in complete bliss of her surroundings so happy and up for fun, everyday see brings a smile to your face and loves you from the bottom of her heart, you can't believe your luck, being in the photogenic snowy mountains with the woman you love more than life itself, you couldn't pick a better time to do it. You call over Vikki jumping around the snow in her own world.

"Hey Vikki come over here I wanna talk to you for a sec~" she tries to run to you through the snow grinning all the way at you.

"Yeah, sweetie?~ are you cold?." She reaches you and you hold out your hand as support, she grabs it and you pull her in for an embrace, you hold her tight, and take in the smell her soft fur.
"No I'm fine, Just happy." She hugs you tigher trying to get as close as she can to your chest while wearing a big coat.

"And I'm happy too Anon." You both say nothing and just hold eachother. It was time.
"You know Vikki I'm really glad I came here..."
"Me too honey me too" she snuggles under your chin.
"When you told me about this place I didn't realize how perfect it looked, almost like a Christmas card, but like cards you give them as a thank you for a gift: You're my gift Vikki; The gift that has given but nobody gave back, I wasn't there to give before I met you, but now; I'm returning the favour.

You take the one final breath, Vikki not understanding is just listening intently, you take out the red box from your pocket and open it, you put your knee in the crusty snow in front of her.

"Vikki; Will you marry me."
Her breathing heavy and tears streaming down her face she puts the ring on her finger.
"Oh my goodness! YES! YES! I WILL I WILL!." She swings from your neck, kissing your face all over your head is spinning it doesn't feel real, she gradually stops and looks at the ring, the diamond shinning in the moonlight glow. You grab your fiance's hand and look and star blanketed sky.
"Merry Christmas Vikki..."
She looks to the stars as well.
"Merry Christmas Anon..."