>You are Anon, a hero affiliated with none of the clans vying for the crown of Armello.
>Your first few days in the field had been eventful, to say the least.
>After recieving your first quest from a friendly villager, you made a quick expedition into one of the land's dungeons.
>While trekking through the stone temple had seemed to yield no fruit in the several hours you had been there, you decided it was time to leave.
>Retracing your steps, you had turned a familiar-looking corner when an unknown feeling assaulted your senses.
>It felt like a knife was twisting through your abdomen, meanwhile a sharp smell similar to rust filled your nose.
>As you hunched over from the pain, the sound of uncomfortably close footsteps suddenly entered your ears.
>"So this is how it ends," you thought, "caught off-guard and murdered barely hours into my adventure."
>You closed your eyes, hoping your murderer wouldn't make you suffer any longer.
>"You seem to be having trouble." A raspy voice spoke.
>Opening your eyes, you glanced at the source. Standing only a couple feet away was a strange-looking weasel woman.
>Her facial pattern resembles a skull, one of her ears is notched, and most frighteningly, her eyes are glowing purple. The telltale sign of one corrupted by The Rot.
>She holds a lantern, glowing the same hue of purple as her eyes, that is constantly emanating a fog. It is held by a chain connected to a ring on the back of her outfit that has several other chains on it. You infer that it is the source of the smell that has been filling your nose.
>"Quite brave of you to travel in here alone and unprepared." Though you detected sarcasm, the weasel didn't change her blank expression.
>You didn't respond, partly out of the pain and because she hadn't given you a reason to be friendly.
>"Ah, forgive my rudeness. My name is Sinvah Sorell. I've been looking for something here and I seem to have found it."
>You've had just about as much as you can stand of this woman. "Look, just kill me now and be done with it.", you spit.
>She almost seems offended. Almost. "Kill you? Why would you think that? No, in fact, I'm here to make you an offer, hero."
>You could already feel where this is headed.
>She continues, "I understand one such as yourself would need a follower or two to alleviate some of the perils of questing for the crown. Therefore, I would like to give my services to you."
>Against your better judgement, you decided to inquire about her services.
>"I can provide assistance with spellcasting, but I also can help you reach your true potential. If you wish to know the true meaning of power, I can be of assistance with that."
>There it was.
>You were about to refuse the offer when the pain that had been afflicting you suddenly intensified.
>"I can also help with that." She said, extending her paw. "Take my hand, hero."
>The pain had become so great, you couldn't consider the consequences anymore. Unconsciously, you accepted her hand.
>Just as quickly as it had come, the pain stopped. Sinvah helped you stand.
>"Thank you, hero. You won't regret this." You can't tell, but it feels like she was smiling for a second.
>Feeling slightly woozy, you continue on your way out with your new follower in tow.

>That night, you made your way to where the villager said you should go.
>Some suspicious characters were hanging around some ruins, looking for something.
>Taking a risk, you had managed to route them away by diverting their attention to one spot and attacking them from behind.
>Upon clearing the area, Sinvah surprised you by popping up behind you. While you were fighting, she had managed to find what they were searching for.
>Embedded into a slab of stone and surrounded by thorns was an ornate blade.
>The sword's guard was a horned skull connecting to a blade that had a design that looked remarkably like sneering faces.
>You wondered how they could have possibly missed something that stood out this much.
>"Hero, this is an oddly fortuitous situation. Let us take the blade with us."
>You agreed with this sentiment. You had desperately needed something to accompany your sword in combat. And even if it turned out it wasn't suited for combat, then someone had to be interested in it, right?
>Gripping it, your hairs stands on end. A strange chill wafts through your body. Something feels very wrong about this.
>Then, abruptly, your mind is eased as the blade wrests free of the stone.
>Examining it, it somehow feels right in your hands, almost like it was meant for you.
>"Good. Let's be on our way, hero."

>The next day was grueling.
>When the morning sun rose, it hurt more than usual to wake up, like a part of you had been drained away.
>Further complicating matters was that Twiss of the Bandit Clan had decided to block the path to your next destination.
>You had managed to scare her off, but only noticed in the aftermath that the squirrel had managed to steal everything you were carrying in your backpack.
>Cursing the tiny thief, you pressed on through.
>Taking a short detour at a stone circle, you head towards the settlement of Ravensbrooke to resupply.
>Once there, you're soon approached by a young wolf who tells you a rumor about a nearby mountain that had a treasure there.
>Purchasing some replacements for what you'd lost from Twiss, you and your companion head towards the mountain.
>That night, the two of you reach the mountain, but are unable to climb it due to a blizzard raging on. You decided to wait until tomorrow to scale the mountain.
>Waking up, you felt the same as you did the previous morning. You chalk it up to bad rations and made a note to try and get something more nourishing at the next town.
>The blizzard did not subside. You wonder if it even is just the weather.
>Unfortunately, you don't get far and couldn't progress. Aggrivatingly, it stopped as soon as you step foot off the mountain.
>At night, you made great progress in scaling it. You made it to the spot the pup had described, but are unsure of where to look.
>You decided to let Sinvah see if she can help find the treasure. You spend roughly an hour searching and find nothing.
>Sinvah on the other hand, found something she's very pleased about. It just looks like some kind of potion ingredient to you.

>As the night drags on, you decide to get off the mountain in case another blizzard hits.
>While walking down, you come across a log cabin. You check the inside and find it deserted.
>Oddly, Sinvah seems to be pleased about this find. "Wait outside. I'll unpack for you." She says, taking everything but the clothes off your back.
>After several minutes of waiting, you consider walking in, when a sudden gust of wind picks up. The snow starts falling heavier.
>Your fear about another blizzard is realized and you duck inside the cabin.
>Inside, Sinvah is nowhere in sight. Her lantern sits beside the bed, still producing the purple fog. There are petals atop the bedsheets and her clothes strewn across the floor.
>Wait.
>"Turn around, Anon."
>Doing as instructed, you slowly turn to face Sinvah.
>She stands there, nude. Her slender brown body contrasts with her beautiful eyes and painted face.  You hadn't noticed it before, but her hips are fairly wide. She's even smiling, for a change.
>You wonder where any of this came from when she suddenly moves forward and kisses you.
>You're rendered helpless as she explores your mouth with her tongue. While you're focused on the kiss, she swiftly removes your shirt.
>She stops kissing you, a string of saliva connecting your tongues. As you try to catch your breath, your limbs feel weak and heavy.
>You also have a boner, something Sinvah is quick to notice.
>"Oh, what's this?" She says coyly, cupping your bulge and making you gasp.
>She shoves you backwards with minimal effort. You feel the back of your legs hit the bed and you fall onto it.
>Unable to move, she removes your pants, freeing your cock.
>You see her flash a grin, "Now, we can begin for real."

>Sinvah climbs onto the bed, stopping to tease your dick with her tail. You twitch in response to the the stimulation.
>"Hm-hm~. I know you're eager, but you'll just have to wait."
>She turns around, giving you a good look at her ass. It's not the largest you've seen, but her hips make up for the lack of size.
>Without warning, she drops herself onto your face.
>You attempt to make out some sort of cry, but her pussy is right on top of your mouth, so the only message you send to her is pleasure.
>"Ah! That's a good start for a first-timer, but you need to really get in there! Use your tongue!"
>Complying, you start lapping at her crotch. She shudders in response, lightly grinding onto you. "Y-yes, like that!"
>You continue your attack with your tongue. Deciding to take a bold action, you lick inside of her.
>Sinvah places a pawed hand on your head and gently pats you. "Mmm, naughty. I suppose I should let you have a little fun."
>She takes her hand off and you feel her weight shift. You wince as you feel a finger flick your cock. Sinvah giggles. "Sorry about that, Anon."
>Her fingers begin to slowly stroke your member. You begin to pick up your licking in the hope that her pace will follow.
>You take a moment to savor the taste of her pussy. It tastes very bitter and has a saltiness. There's even a slight copper bit to it. The closest you feel the actual taste compares to are sour grapes.
>Snapping back out of your daze, you notice has in fact started stroking you faster. You get back to your licking.
>Sinvah grinds harder than before, a signal that she's close. You extend your tongue as far as you can and lick as hard as possible.
>"Ohhh, I- ANON!" She cries as dark purple juices splash your face. They sting your eyes and cause you to tear up. She pauses briefly to pant heavily onto your cock before stroking at a slower pace.
>You're getting close as well. You let her know with your hot breath on her pussy.
>"Ah ah ah. Not yet." she teases, squeezing your dick. "I need this inside of me first."

>Sinvah removes herself from your face and turns around. She moves to straddle your crotch, pressing her pussy against your member.
>She lifts herself onto your cock and slowly takes your entire length into her.
>"Hahh... you're a good fit for me."
>You feel her move up and down on your cock, using her own juices as lubricant.
>Grunting, you nearly release inside her, but she stops and pants out "Just hold out a little longer and it'll all be worth it..."
>As she picks her movement back up, you struggle to keep yourself from cumming.
>She changes speed and you start breathing heavily. You close your eyes in an attempt to concentrate.
>"Hey."
>Opening one eye, you see Sinvah is leaning close to you. Her purple eyes staring half-lidded at you.
>"Kiss me."
>A sudden surge of strength fills you and you lean in and fulfill her order.
>Your last ounce of concentration is spent and your dick can wait no longer. Your head falls backwards, breaking the kiss.
>You cum inside. Not a drop is wasted. Sinvah pulls off of you and moves to your side.
>Suddenly, you feel a sensation unlike anything before. You feel your body writhe and your mind twist. Something's changing in you.
>Conflicting thoughts run through your head. This isn't good. No, it is good! Why is this happening? Don't ask questions.
>One by one, the negative thoughts are snuffed out, leaving your mind abnormally clear.
>Your body's limpness is gone and you feel up for another round! You turn to face Sinvah who's leaning on one arm smiling.
>"Perfect. Your Rot is settling in nicely."

>You ask what she means. You certainly don't feel infected.
>"Hmph. Just as blissfully ignorant as ever. You didn't suspect anything when you took my hand? When you picked up that cursed blade?"
>Realizing what she means, you ask if she planned all of this.
>"Absolutely not. You're simply more blessed with fortune than I initially took you for. Finding those guards protecting the blade and managing to route them? Nobody could predict that."
>You question her about what the thing she found out on the mountain. "That's a rare plant type that can be used as an aphrodisiac. I bet you didn't know that you can transmit The Rot through fluids, did you?"
>And that brings you to the sex. "Because it's fun! It's certainly more involved than spitting in your waterskins." You'll have to dump those out later.
>Now you ask why she had to corrupt you. "Even masters of the dark arts need to get laid. And you can't really successfully solicit someone when they know you've got The Rot. Besides, I promised to show you true power, didn't I?"
>You can't deny that you feel far more strength than before.
>"And you liked the sex, right?"
>You nod.
>"Good, because you didn't really have much of a choice on account of the blizzard outside. In the morning, I expect you to be ready."
>Moving under the covers with her, you feel that maybe this isn't as bad of an outcome as it could be.