>you were just a poor homeless human alone in a cold and uncaring world.
>You didn't have a gold coin to your name, only the tattered rags on your back.
>But you always try to do the right thing and be kind to others.
>Even if the anthro city you lived in hated humans with a unjustified passion.
>It's why you were homeless, nobody would give you a chance for work they would assume you were stealing or the customers didn't like being served by a human.
>The city was ruled by a cruel empress.
>She ruled over her subjects with a iron fist with her dark magic as a threat to anybody trying to overthrow her. And since nobody else had dark magic she went unopposed. 
>She would have guards burn down any place you could find to sleep.
>Put bounties on your head for fun.
>It seemed live her life goal was to make your life hell and what's worse there wasn't any reason, it was just malice.

>It has become night, you find a dark alleyway with a rug to sleep for the night.
>Suddenly, you were grabbed and stuffed into a bag and whisked away into the night. You travel far without stopping, trying to see your surroundings in a brown big until you finally reach a big wooden door and go inside. When they stop walking they open the bag and you tumble into the red carpet, you look around and see you are in front of the empress herself.

"This?, Is the human that I've heard so much about! Ha! What a joke. So tell me human boy, why have YOU not been drawn into a life of crime? I'm dying to know."
>you get to your feet, the empress taps her fingers on her golden arm chair awaiting your answer.
"I don't want to!, I'd never bring harm to others, I want to be good and one day I'll be rich without ever having to draw blood or be heartless, unlike you!."
Her face turns from smug teasing to a angered snarl her pupils tiny slits.
"GUARDS! LEAVE US NOW!."
>She raises her hand and guestures behind you, she closes the door shut with her magic.
>This must be it, you close your eyes for the end but it doesn't come.

>Instead, you open your eyes to the sight of the empress buried her head into your chest. she hugs you sobbing uncontrollably clenching you tight.

"Why! why won't you!, You can be safe! I can protect you in  my cells, we have food and water why have you persisted for so long..."
You try to soothe the weeping feline and hold her tighter and whisper gentle comforting words.
"If you wanted me off the streets, why not just put me in jail without commiting a crime?."
She takes her head away from your chest and wipes her tears away.

"How could I, if I did that you'd hate me forever, so I would keep pushing you to commit a crime or hire bounty hunters to track you down, then somebody tipped a guard that they saw a human sleeping in a alleyway. I would never want you to think ill of me, I feel like I can understand what your going through. You see; When I was born I had these strange powers, I could control things with my mind, I would try to impress my friends and family but they were fearful of it and fearful of me, and soon that fear turned to hate. I was tired of trying to reason with them and I made them pay for there cruelty, if I was going to be the villain then I would play the role they'd never forget. But you...you never did matter what the world thew at you always dealt with it with a smile on your face, it made me think that if somebody could see the real me it could be you it's so hard to be the bad guy I'm tired of it I don't want to be that person anymore. Please believe me."


>You hold the weeping feline tight in your arms, you had no idea behind the facade of her demeanor was a lonely soul like you, somebody who has hidden herself away from the outside world waiting for somebody to help her become the former person she once was. Before tonight you'd always thought about what she was like in person, but you'd never thought you'd see the so called cruel empress pour her heart out to you holding you so defenceless and alone wanting somebody to share her pain, seeing her like this you feel a unspoken connection, you take in the feline in all her beauty.

You lean in and kiss her unsuspecting lips Her eyes widen in shock she's surprised but she doesn't pull away she closes her eyes and hold onto the back of your head. She advances to using her tounge your tongues dance in each other's mouth's you feel excitement in your undergarments. She breaks the kiss with a saliva strand, she feels the excitement prod her in your trousers. She rubs her finger down your chest.
"Come with me."

she drags you off to her private quarters a big bed coverd in red silk layed in the middle the room had gold statues of animals and a painting of The empress standing proud on the balcony lay on the wall.

She undresses both of you, you quicker than her taking off her red trousers and gold headress and lays you on the bed your lips never departing.
>She straddles and lays ontop of you and tenderly kisses your neck as he grabs your erection and slips your member inside her.

She rock her hips up and down, you kiss and fondle her breasts she responds with pleasured moans, she rocks faster using your chest as support. You're close to release, she sees you're close and brings you in for a kiss squeezing your bodies together. 
>You release your seed inside, she lets out a roar as she cums, she falls on your chest tired and you hold eachother close her heart beating calming, your member flaccid inside her.
You share a final kiss as she rolls off next to you, her head on your chest.

"Thank you human, I may not have the people on my side, but I don't care about them when I have you."
You fall asleep to the soft purring from the deep sleeping empress laying her head on your chest.

When you wake up your greeted by the smiling empress she kisses your check "I have some exciting news", the empress hands you royal attire "what's this for?" You ask puzzled, she just smiled and tells you to get dressed, when you are done she takes you hand to the balcony.
There is a large crowd gathered below cheering and waving below. She addresses the crowd.

"My subjects, for too long I have ruled you through hate and fear, I am truly sorry, Now I have found happiness, I met the human, he showed me to love instead of hate and saw behind my mask of anger. And If anybody has a problem that he is in fact a human, there's a black hole with you name on understand!. The mood almost went sour but she let out a chuckle, was it a joke? You have no idea. "Now; Let us greet your emperor!."

Your mouth almost drops with shock, the crowd are ecstatic. You feel nervous but the empress grabs your hand.
"It's okay, you can do this, as long as your with me I will do anything for you... husband." You reciprocate the feeling and lovingly kiss her. She smiles and signels a man holding a box. She places a jewelled dress headpiece on your head and kisses your cheek and leans for a soft whisper the crowd cheer with happiness.
>"You don't have to hide from the world anymore, my love"